Dylan, start of double overtime. You guys have been playing almost 50 minutes of game time  at that point and you played some of those locked in team defense I've seen. It was a  theme throughout the night. What was the connectedness like on that end of the floor for you guys  tonight?  It was great. I think that's kind of our calling card and when it gets to the end  of the game and things of that nature that's something we're going to rely on every  time is just being connected on defense and making sure that you know we're all  just we're playing team defense not not just one-on-one.  Did you figure out you were going to be starting tonight and play Steer?  When did Fox, 60 minutes, one o'clock I think? Yeah like right before the meeting,  16 minutes. I guess you've talked in games past about you know I think we  asked you like do you feel any kind of way knowing that if you were on a  different team maybe you'd have 40 minutes a night you know and you talked  about it wasn't really a thing you thought about. Now being in a position  where you're starting Western Conference finals making meaningful minutes what  does that mean for you especially just in your first year? It means the world.  I feel like a lot of people get this experience just to be a part of such a  great organization and a great group of guys and I think I feel like the  locker room is great so just on the first thing you said I mean I wouldn't  be anywhere else I think this is kind of where I'm supposed to be and just keep  on just taking step after step. You've only started four games yeah and then  you started in this game how did you mentally prepare yourself to start in  a game this big? Treated like every other game going with the mindset of just  being me and you're not kind of not kind of just taking a moment and just  being kind on the forefront and not being on my heels that's that was the  biggest thing and kind of just being a tag motor all the time. And do you think  of the gravity of this game the gravity of a moment first team to win  four but you're in like probably one of the classic playoff games of all time  to get the first one? Yeah I think it was important for us to get the first  one obviously like you said first of four they're the reigning champs. They're a  great basketball team but for us we just got to keep on doubling down on kind  of the execution in his game plans. You know very interesting stat line. You had 11  rebounds, 6 assists and 7 steals. It's just kind of being everywhere where you  talk about the connectivity of you guys with you know obviously Victor has put  up massive numbers but if you look at your stat line too just you know I'm  stealing the word here gravity you guys and Victor does that I mean benefit  you and being able to do all this stuff? Yeah definitely I think it goes where  execution and I think my 7 steals was kind of a team thing it was more  just rotations and just for me beating the right spots and just letting my instincts  take over. Mitch was saying that you know different guys might not have embraced  kind of what they wanted to do early in the season and it's played that  foundation from now. Why were you so open to everything and why do you  think it's kind of paying off for you know? From moments like this just being  around two great point guards and Steph and Fox and kind of just picking their  brain you know earlier in the season when everyone kind of didn't see the vision  like I kind of saw it and double down on it so just wanting to win I mean I kind  of never been in this position but you got to embrace a position like this if  you wanted to help the team and that was the biggest thing. Dylan Mark just called  it one of the classic playoff games of all time I know you haven't been in  many of them. No it's my first year. Do you think of stuff like that when  you're in a game like that when it goes to overtime and then double overtime that  this is an epic game that you're in? No I'm just trying to win that's the  biggest thing in my mind it was obviously going to double overtime but  you know it's gonna be an epic game regardless but if we don't pull out  if we don't come out with the win it's kind of back to the drawing  board and we got to even double down even more so we kind of just all  win there with the mindset of two over times you know just double down win.  And what do you think when Vic pulled up from 35 feet? Confidence through the  roof I was kind of out stunned a little bit but once the ball went up I'm like  oh that's going in this is kind of just who he is I mean he's he's one of a  kind. Could you talk more about just the confidence that you've seen in him  just throughout the the whole season obviously in a game like this like we  talking about this is one of the best performances from a player that we've  seen in recent history. What do you feel like it leads to him just in the days  that we don't see or the times we don't see for him to come out here and do  this in a game like this? I mean his preparation the way he comes in the  gym and just works on everything that he needs to work on and I think just  how just how sharp he is with everything and everything comes out like  today obviously you see the big stat line out of amazing plays he makes  but it's the little things he does every day whether he's eating or  lifting or just getting shots up that you know no one don't really see and  he's kind of just one of them ones. Dylan when you play the Thunder like one of  the top line items I'm sure is their ball pressure you know obviously your  first start against maybe the best perimeter defensive team one of them  only one turnover tonight I guess two questions how do you manage to keep  your hands on the ball on that play in the fourth quarter and secondly like  just what does this do for your confidence moving forward so that you were  able to handle that level of pressure from a team like that? Yeah I don't know  how I kept the ball alive and in that one player in the fourth quarter it's  more just like I can't turn the ball over it's crucial time who wants it I  feel like I kind of came out on top and definitely I think it instills more  confidence in me just to be me and go out there and no matter who we're  playing my biggest thing is don't turn the ball over. Dylan this game was  highly competitive you guys impose a lot of physicality is my question is if  this game had a message what would that message be? Message I think for our  standpoint the message is really that we're gonna double down no matter  what we're gonna keep on fighting I mean that's the biggest message there  obviously lapses where we could have done stuff better but we kept fighting  fighting and fighting and I think when you got a great group of guys that go  out here and fight for each other more than anything it just opens up  everything and allows us to win games like this. Thank you. I appreciate it.


记者： Dylan，双加时开始的时候，你们已经打了将近50分钟的比赛时间，而你们打出了我见过最专注的团队防守之一，这也是整晚的主题。在防守端，你们今晚的连结性如何？Dylan： 非常好。我觉得这就是我们的标志性特点。到了比赛最后阶段，这就是我们每次都能依靠的东西——在防守端保持连结，确保我们打的是团队防守，而不是一对一单打。记者： 你是什么时候知道自己今晚会首发并且要打 Steer 的？Fox 大概在赛前60分钟，大概一点钟的时候？对，就在赛前会议前16分钟左右。记者： 你之前在其他比赛中也说过，如果你在其他球队，可能每晚能打40分钟，但你说那不是你会去想的事情。现在你处于首发西部决赛、打重要分钟数的位置，这对你来说——尤其是在新秀赛季——意味着什么？Dylan： 这对我来说意义重大。我觉得很少有人能得到这样的机会，去加入这么伟大的组织和这么棒的一群队友。我觉得更衣室氛围也特别好。所以就像你说的第一点，我不会想去其他任何地方，我觉得这里就是我该在的位置，我只需要一步一步继续往前走。记者： 你整个赛季只首发了四场比赛，今晚却在这么大的比赛中首发。你是怎么在心理上准备好去打这样一场重量级比赛的？Dylan： 就当作普通比赛一样去对待，保持做自己的心态。不要去想太多，就是站在前面，而不是缩在后面，这是最重要的一点，一直保持积极进攻的动力。记者： 你会去想这场比赛的份量吗？这是季后赛历史上最经典的比赛之一，而且还是四场先赢一场的系列赛首战？Dylan： 是的，我觉得拿下第一场对我们非常重要。就像你说的，这是四场先赢一场，对方是卫冕冠军，他们是一支很强的球队。但对我们来说，我们只需要继续执行好比赛计划，一场一场来。记者： 你的数据很有意思，11篮板、6助攻、7抢断。你几乎无处不在。你们一直强调连结性，Victor 虽然打出了爆炸数据，但看看你的数据线——用你刚才说的“gravity（引力）”这个词——你和 Victor 这种存在，是不是也让你能做到这么多事情？Dylan： 当然。我觉得这和执行力有关。我那7次抢断更多是团队的结果，主要是轮转换位，我出现在正确的位置，让自己的本能发挥出来。记者： Mitch 说，有些球员赛季初可能没有完全接受球队想要他们做的事，而现在这个基础开始显现。你为什么能这么快就接受一切？你觉得这为什么现在开始为你带来回报？Dylan： 因为这样的时刻。我能和两个很棒的控卫——Steph 和 Fox——在一起，经常和他们交流。赛季初当很多人还没看到愿景的时候，我就已经看到了，并且全力投入。我最想要的就是赢球。我以前从没处于这样的位置，但如果你想帮助球队，就必须拥抱这样的角色，这就是最重要的事。记者： Dylan，Mark 刚才说这是季后赛历史上最经典的比赛之一。我知道你没经历过太多这样的比赛，毕竟这是你第一年。你在比赛中，当它进入加时、双加时的时候，会去想“这是一场史诗级比赛”吗？Dylan： 不会，我脑子里最大的念头就是赢球。打到双加时当然很特别，不管怎样这都会是一场史诗级比赛，但如果我们没能赢下来，那就得回到起点，更努力地加倍投入。所以我们整场比赛的心态就是：双加时了，那就加倍努力，拿下胜利。记者： 当 Vic 在最后35英尺干拔的时候，你当时在想什么？Dylan： 自信爆棚。我当时有点看呆了，但球一出手我就想：哦，这球要进。这就是他，这就是他独一无二的地方。记者： 你能多谈谈这一整赛季你在他身上看到的自信吗？尤其是在今晚这样的比赛——这可能是我们近年来见过的最伟大个人表现之一。你觉得是什么让他能在我们看不到的那些日子里，持续做到这样的事？Dylan： 就是他的准备工作。他每天进训练馆，都在练他需要练的所有东西。我觉得他做任何事都特别专注。像今天你看到的大数据和那些精彩表现，但真正支撑这些的，是他每天做的那些小事——饮食、力量训练、投篮练习，这些别人看不到的东西。他就是这样的人。记者： Dylan，对阵雷霆时，他们最突出的特点之一肯定是球压迫。今晚是你第一次首发，对阵可能是联盟最佳外线防守球队之一，结果你只失误一次。我有两个问题：第四节那次你是怎么把球控住没有失误的？第二，这件事对你在面对这种高压时的信心有什么帮助？Dylan： 我也不知道第四节那次是怎么把球控住的，当时就是脑子里一直想“不能失误”，这是关键时刻，谁想要就去拼，我觉得自己拼赢了。这肯定给我增加了更多信心，让我继续做自己。不管面对谁，我最重要的一点就是：不要失误。记者： 这场比赛竞争非常激烈，你们也展现了很强的身体对抗。如果这场比赛要传递一个信息，你觉得那个信息是什么？Dylan： 从我们的角度来说，这个信息就是：无论如何，我们都会加倍投入，我们会一直战斗到底。这是最重要的信息。当然我们也有一些可以做得更好的地方，但我们就是不停地战斗、战斗、战斗。我觉得当你有一群愿意为彼此去战斗的伟大队友时，一切都会打开，我们就能赢下这样的比赛。谢谢。

