Coming up on this episode of Mind the Game.  We played to the maximum ability of our team.  We were not outworked.  They didn't out physical us.  They didn't outsmart us.  We were out-talented.  Obviously, you're very, very familiar with Shane,  but just awarded back-to-back MVPs.  Thoughts on him going back-to-back.  I don't think we've really had a definitive Wemby talk.  I think some fans may not understand  how good this guy is  and just want to revert back to he's tall.  He's not the first guy in our league that's been tall.  His ability to catch the ball  with his back towards the basket  or half of his body  and be able to find a rim before he even lands,  that is coordination that we've never seen before  and it's not just because he's tall.  I think we have some clips.  What strategies, tactics would you employ  to try to make Wemby less effective defensively?  Let's talk about Nick's calves.  We know what we're going to get out of Nick's.  They're going to play hard. They're going to play tough.  They have their guys. They know their roles.  They know exactly what they need to do every game.  Doesn't always result in a win,  but at least they know what their staple is.  You know, it looks a little bit different from game to game.  Shifting gears, let's touch on your future.  Where is your mind right now?  Are you thinking about it every day?  Are you getting close to feeling a direction?  All right, Mr. James, we're back.  We are. We are. We are back.  You had a little bit of space and time  since the OKC series?  Yeah, yeah. Just been chilling, man.  Just taking the whole season in  and getting the opportunity to recover.  You know, had a couple of bumps and bruises to end the season,  but, you know, I think we both can agree  that off-season without rehab is a success,  you know, after a long season.  So I'll take it.  Especially after season 23, that's all.  I mean, that in itself is crazy.  No surgery, no rehab.  No, I mean, amazing accomplishment.  What? Looking back on 23, I want to hear about it.  Like, what's your take on the season,  where you're at the level you played at?  And like, the records, like you broke records.  Like, what stands out to you?  Like, start to finish when you went into the season to the end?  Like, amazing.  Well, obviously, the start of the season wasn't, you know,  the way I wanted to start.  Obviously, kind of started on the shelf, you know,  coming off the off-season when I was dealing with the sciatic  and sciatic pain, whatever.  So, you know, missing training camp, missing preseason,  missing the first 14 games of the regular season, you know,  was challenging for me and was difficult for me.  It was also like, you know, mentally, it kind of, you know,  got to me a little bit to even know or feel like I could get back  to, you know, my level of play, you know.  So, you know, obviously, when I got back,  it took a little bit, a little bit of time  to kind of get that rhythm, to get that flow again  after missing so much time.  And, but once I got going, it just felt good  to be back out there, be back out there with the group,  you know, and, you know, at one point, obviously,  we were kind of trying to figure out what we were as a team,  you know, how we all could mesh together, you know,  and injuries kind of hit again, you know,  AR gets hurt, you know,  Luca kind of steps away from, you know,  the team for a little bit for the birth of his child,  you know, I get hurt again, you know.  And, you know, it just seemed like so many seasons  just wrapped in one, but we were still  standing afloat as a team.  We were still playing good basketball,  even with guys in and out.  And then we just hit a, we hit a really good streak  when I came back after my last, you know,  few games out where, you know,  I fit into a role that our team needed.  Luca was playing at an MVP level.  AR was playing at an All-Star level  and we were just on fire, you know,  we were winning games where, you know,  we were defending at a high level.  We was one of the best offensive teams in the league,  one of the top 10 defense teams in the league.  So, you know, it was a great, you know,  up until that point was great.  And then obviously like a week before the playoffs,  everyone kind of know what happened.  You know, Luca goes out with the hamstring,  AR goes out with the oblique.  And, you know, we are heading into the playoffs  with two of our biggest guns not playing, you know,  but I felt pretty good.  I was able to ramp up over those months  and then when I came back and kind of  fit into that role, I was able to ramp up some more  to get ready for the post-season.  But it was definitely different  because I figured I would go into the post-season  that's kind of like this Swiss Army knife role  where, you know, I could really pick my spots,  play this, you know, this third, you know, situation,  whatever the case may be, or whatever,  if it needed to be first in certain quarters,  if it needed to be second in certain, like whatever.  But I was thrown back into that number one option role  and for our team to win a playoff series,  you know, I think that was a huge accomplishment.  I mean, obviously my aspirations  is much bigger than just one playoff series.  I've won a lot of playoff series  and one is never enough.  But under the circumstances of what our team had went through  and what we were going through at that time,  you know, AR did come back and was able  to play some good basketball, like the last few games,  but he was still trying to find his rhythm.  Obviously we never got Luca back.  We had a lot of injuries, man,  but for our ballclub, under the circumstances that we's in,  to win a playoff series in the Western Conference,  I give a lot of respect and a lot of kudos to our guys  and to our coaching staff of mentally, physically,  preparing us for that matchup.  And given all that we had, obviously,  versus defending champions,  and so it was a pretty good season.  I had some, you know, like I said,  some good individual moments, you know,  breaking some more records, setting some more records.  That's all pretty cool.  Love that.  But one of the most impressive things for me  to be out there and to play off-game with Bronny,  you know, we had a stretch in one of those games.  I think it was game three in Houston where we ran off  10 straight points between the two of us  in a post-season game.  That was like, that was a moment where I kind of blacked out  and was like, what is going on?  Wow, how amazing this is right now.  So yeah, it was a great, it was a successful season,  like I said, to be able to play, you know,  at a high level, know that I can still play  at that high level, carry a team into the playoffs  at that point in time and then help a team  win a playoff series at my age and stage in my career.  That was, it was pretty special.  So yeah, that's pretty much year 23 in a nutshell, man.  You know, the nice little two and a half, three minutes  feel.  Yeah, that's great.  You touched on something that's interesting.  You know, we're so obsessed these days  with the one team wins, ring culture,  who's the champion, but like not every team can win.  Not every team is built to win.  Every team's in a different cycle, you know,  especially, you know, no disrespect to anybody else,  but the way that San Antonio and OKC are kind of emerging,  you know, it's very difficult to match the talent  along all the intangibles and stuff.  So I thought you made a really interesting point  about like, you still have to play to your fight  for your best level and find reward in that,  even if there's always going to come criticism  when you don't win and you get swept,  but you hung in there.  Every game, first halves were great,  kind of got worn down a little bit,  but maybe talk to people a little bit  about how you approach all that,  like balancing like our team, not letting go of the rope,  continuing to improve, finding reward in the daily duties,  at the same time, not getting swept up in the noise  that surrounds our game.  Yeah, I understand that.  You know, you get caught up in ring culture  and things of that nature, but at the end of the day,  there's 29 teams, if that's the case,  who are all failures, if that's always the narrative.  Because there's only one champion, you know, every year.  So, you know, I have the passion and the admiration  to host the Larry O'Brien Trophy every single year,  but also have a realization of, you know,  what particular team I have been a part of  in that particular year.  And, you know, understanding this year, you know,  we fought and we played to the maximum ability of our team.  But ultimately, you know, if we'd been completely honest,  we were out-talented.  We were not out-worked.  We were not, you know, out, you know,  they didn't out-physical us.  They didn't out-smart us.  You know, I felt like we were just out-talent,  you know, by OKC.  They just possessed so much more talent.  And yeah, yeah, you know, they might've had  a couple more possessions where some IQ could kick in,  but that happens throughout the course of the game.  That goes for both teams.  I feel like there's times where we have moments  where we out-queued them, but IQ them.  So, but at the end of the day, we failed in talent, you know?  OKC just possessed so much more talent than us.  And, you know, you could tip your cap to them, obviously,  you know, and understanding that.  But yeah, yeah, you can't get caught up in that,  especially when you know that, you know,  you're undermanned for sure.  Yeah, it's like the most important thing  is judging yourself against yourself.  Yeah, for sure.  What are you and we capable?  I like, I felt the same way about my Phoenix Suns.  You know, they played OKC in the first round,  got swept, but got better every game.  You know, for me, you guys got better every game.  Suns got better every game.  That's a sign of a solid culture.  That's a sign of good people that want to collaborate,  want to get better.  Don't want to just say,  ah, this is too uphill for us, we're out.  So like that to me is a sign that like your building  is operating in a great way,  it is the right leadership and coaching.  You know, the players come together and I like sometimes  I think it's really difficult for fans to understand  how valuable that is.  Like, you know, as you see talented teams,  but they're not enjoyable to watch  and then you see other teams that are,  but they go about their business as a team  playing for one another and fan bases get behind them.  So there is such a reward and value, I think,  in a team getting as close to their potential as possible,  even if that doesn't compare necessarily to the champs.  No, absolutely, absolutely.  Because there's stepping blocks you have to get  to get to that level.  I mean, obviously we see OKC today, you know,  we see OKC of last year,  but they've had stepping blocks to get to this point,  you know, people forget what OKC looked like five years ago,  what they looked like four years ago, you know,  obviously San Antonio's Ascendant  has been a little bit different,  but you know, you see what they look like  when Winby was hurt, you know,  when Winby didn't play much last year  or whatever the case may be.  And now you see when he's, you know, pretty much healthy,  they add that talent around him, they get even younger,  they add some more, you know,  some more, you know, experience with, you know,  Harrison Barnes and Dearon Fox,  who have playoff experience, you know,  Luke Cornette, who has playoff, you know, experience,  they add those pieces to that young group  and now you see what happens, you know,  and, you know, same, you know,  New York is still, you know, they're building their block,  you know, Cleveland is building,  everyone is building their blocks and, you know,  it just takes time, it takes time.  And you have every, you know,  every now and then you have those, you know,  those one hitters where that comes in and you're like,  oh man, and they sometimes are able to win a championship,  you know, and, but how long can that sustain?  You know, it's about sustainability  and it's about a culture,  like you said, of how can we continue to build,  build, build until we get to that point  and then, you know, stand up there.  Well, Shifting Gear is, let's touch on your future.  A lot up in the air for you.  How are you approaching this?  Being that you have had already,  I think some, I saw the other day,  it's great thing, it was like,  you've had four Hall of Fame careers.  So here you are having it accomplished literally everything,  but you are still doing it at a really high level  and so you got to decide, do you want to play,  where do you want to play,  who do you want to play with, all that stuff.  What goes into that?  I mean, where is your mind right now?  Are you thinking about it every day?  Are you getting close to feeling a direction  or are you just like, I need some time still?  Yeah, I'm still in the moment of like,  just taking my time and saying,  I haven't even really thought about it too much.  Obviously, I understand that I'm a free agent  and I can control my own destiny.  If, you know, being here with this franchise,  you know, for the foreseeable future  or if it's going somewhere else,  but like, I haven't even really even got to that point.  I haven't even taken my family vacation yet,  which is going to happen after Memorial Day.  You know, that's kind of the thing  at the forefront of my mind,  but, you know, I think at some point,  you know, up until, you know,  up in June, late June, you know,  as July rolled around,  free agency starts to, you know,  gets going and, you know,  you know, as you know, July rolling  and maybe into August,  we start to kind of like get a feel of,  you know, what my future may look like.  You know, if it's continuing to play the game  that I love,  which I know I could still give so much to the game  and play at a high level or, you know,  or if it's not so,  but I have not got to that point yet.  And yeah, when I get there, you know,  it'd be, it'd be fun to kind of see  what the future could hold either if it's,  like I said, in another NBA arena  for another year or or not.  Yeah.  But I assume you, knowing you,  you probably only want to go in a positive environment  where you can win.  Yeah, yeah, absolutely.  You're 20, you're 24 is not starting at the bottom.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, there's no way.  There's no way.  Just, I mean, you know, winning is most important  because you want to, you want to be excited  about going to work every day.  You want to be excited about, you know,  like I said earlier, winning the day,  you know, and being around a group of guys  that, you know, feel the same way  and try not to take steps backwards,  you know, understand the season as a long marathon  and whatever the case may be.  But those building blocks throughout the course of the season  is what matters to when you get to the marathon  and that's what, or when you get to the sprint,  which is now, you know, the pole season.  So, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm not going anywhere  where it's a start over at year 24 or days of that nature.  Ah, yeah, yeah, I'm done with that.  So that's a part of the equation.  The other part of the equation is family.  I mean, your kids have grown up for the most part in LA.  You know, you got to consider that at the same time,  like you're not going to go sign a six-year deal somewhere.  So, you know, but it's still a consideration, I think,  is I haven't been there at the end of my career  when I went to the Lakers.  It was a tricky decision for me.  And you got to weigh all these things.  I imagine that's something that's important to you.  No, it's very important and it's up there.  I mean, one A and one B is like,  where do I feel comfortable with doing with my career,  but also with my family?  You know, how do they feel about whatever decision  that I'm able to come up with and make?  And that's a joint decision as well.  I give them the insight, both my boys,  my daughter and my wife.  You know, so, you know, it's one A and one B.  You know, I don't think one is higher than the other,  whatever the case may be.  So, yeah, that's very important.  You know, obviously, you know,  having an opportunity to spend a lot of time  with Bronny over the last couple of years,  that's great.  And, you know, Bryce is, you know,  going to taste second year at AZ, Arizona.  My daughter would be 12 in the fall  and she's, you know, doing her volleyball thing.  And, you know, so, you know,  you know, it's a decision that would be made  between all of us.  Obviously, I know my family will give me the final say so  as they've always done and always respected it,  but I'm definitely conscientious about like their feelings.  And, you know, their dad being around  or not being around as much as they were like.  So that's definitely important.  Yeah, well, good luck.  You know, it's not easy to decide,  especially the position you're in.  So, I'm excited for you, though.  Man, I appreciate it. Yes, sir.  And now over to our producer, Jason,  for a word from one of our partners.  Thanks to DraftKings Sportsbook for sponsoring the show.  With just a few crucial weeks left in the post-season,  there's no better time to get your picks in  with our partners at DraftKings Sportsbook.  From star players and MVPs to rookies  getting their shot on the big stage,  DraftKings is the place for player props.  And right now, all new DraftKings customers  who bet just $5 get $100 in bonus bets instantly  when you sign up using code MIND.  While we're breaking down how the post-season is evolving  and how the action is unfolding,  you can get in on the fun too.  Place your picks live right as teams  are making their adjustments in real time.  From the conference champs to the close-out moments,  every play, every stop, every shot matters.  And DraftKings Sportsbook keeps you locked in  all the way through the road to the finals.  Yeah, I've been using DraftKings throughout the post-season  and I gotta say it does keep you  a little bit more locked in than normal,  especially when you're tracking these players in real time.  It just makes you pay attention to the details.  Like this show, actually.  So don't wait to take your shot.  Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now  and use code MIND to turn $5 into $100 in bonus bets instantly.  DraftKings, the crown is yours.  Let's talk about Nick's calves, the East.  Cavs, I mean, man, what a performance in Game 7.  They definitely have struggled.  I think at times, for me, James and Donovan,  finding that balance as to who's kind of initiating,  how do they both get the most out of each other.  And then moving on, I think that really impacts  Mowgli and Allen and the rest of the team.  And so it's a funny team because we see the talent  and then they've added James and that's not easy.  And James is still so capable of playing at a high level,  but it is a difficult mechanism to throw into a team  to try to find a way.  So it was funny because a lot of games you've come on  and you're like, you don't believe in them  because they're flat, you don't feel it.  But I think that's almost like paralysis by analysis.  They haven't found their rhythm  and then they surely found it in Game 7.  I thought they played earlier, were more decisive.  They got to their angles and actions.  And I think that helped take away  some of the strengths of Detroit's defense.  So I'd love to hear your take  on this kind of resurgence here by the Cavs.  Yeah, I mean, you just said it.  I mean, like you, Dr. Jekyll, Mr. Hyde sometimes  with the Cavs team, you look at Game 6,  you know, a closeout game at home  and you expect for them to come out  and like put their foot forward.  And you know, it doesn't mean that you're gonna win the game,  but you know, the way that they came out  and played Game 6, she was like,  holy shit, that's not what we're expecting.  So we're at home closeout game.  So then you look at Game 7 in Detroit  where Detroit has all the momentum  and you like, okay, well, you know,  Detroit has the, you know, they have the advantage here,  especially after Game 6 and the way they played.  And then you get the other side of the Cavs, you know,  the team that they've assembled with all the talent, you know.  So yeah, I mean, it's gonna be a challenging series  for Cleveland.  And I think it's more mental than physical.  Obviously, you have to bring a physical approach  when you're playing the Knicks,  but you had to bring that same physical approach  when you played Detroit as well.  So they should have the physical part of the game.  They should be well-oiled for that.  You know, it shouldn't be a surprise.  Coming from Detroit, that was like us.  When we came off the Houston series,  we wasn't surprised by the physicality of OKC.  We was already ready for that.  So, but I think the mental approach,  I think the Knicks is playing great ball right now.  You know, they found a great rhythm, you know.  And you know, obviously, you know, it starts with JB,  you know, at the head of the snake,  but like OG has played great ball.  You know, Mikhail started to get it going,  you know, later in that series against Philly.  You know, Cap playing great.  You know, the Bench is playing great.  You know, and obviously Josh Harder  is kind of one of those Swiss Army Knives  who kind of does everything.  And they just feel like they're in a really good rhythm  right now, but you know, I want to, let's see.  You know, let's see what happens.  We know what we're gonna get out of the Knicks.  They're gonna play hard.  They're gonna play tough.  You know, guys are gonna, you know,  they have their guys, they know their roles.  They know exactly what they need to do every game.  Doesn't always result in a win,  but at least they know what their staple is.  Sometimes, like you said, Cleveland sometimes,  you know, it looks a little bit different  from game to game.  And I think that's like a case of like,  you know, trying to figure out.  They still like figuring it out.  James and Donovan are two guys who,  you know, will love to have the ball in their hands,  but also don't mind kind of getting off of that times,  but how do they still impact winning  and impact their team when they're not on the ball?  So, yeah, I mean, the series can go to either team  who shows up, but if the Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde  or the Cavs show up, then the Knicks will,  you know, head to the finals, yeah, for sure.  You know, so we have to see,  we have to see which Cavs team's gonna show up.  And like I said, it's not gonna be  from a physical standpoint.  It's gonna be from a mental standpoint.  Yeah, I agree with you there.  I think this Cavs team is still adapting, still learning,  still trying to figure out how to make it all work.  You know, I think even the adjustments they made,  you know, not schematic adjustments,  but like Donovan looking to play make more,  James trying to get to his move earlier, you know,  I think those little things that they're learning  as they go, how they can make each other better  and fit together on the Knicks side.  I thought it was really interesting to see,  I mean, what if they won like seven games in a row?  Now, after going down two, one to Atlanta,  I think they've won seven games now in a row,  playing great basketball.  And one of the adjustments they've made  is Cat being a hub, you know, playing through Cat.  Look, I think this was always Mike Brown's vision,  you know, having the Sabonis home in Sacramento.  You know, getting Cat out there  where he can be a hub where he's a tough cover  and yet now he's playmaking.  You know, he's not great at playmaking off the dribble,  but off that hub, you know,  he can really make some passes.  And then JB's back screening and how do you handle that?  So they have the talent to match Cleveland  and now they've added this element  where JB doesn't have to create everything for their offense.  It's kind of interesting to see  if they can take another level.  So I don't know if you like that,  that new look for them,  like adding a little diversity to their offense,  but I've kind of enjoyed seeing Cat as a hub.  Yeah, I think so.  I think because the most important  that you're getting out of that,  you also, you now shift your pie chart  from people just thinking heavy, heavy, heavy,  JB pick and roll, JB ISO  to now the demographic of your offense shifts,  you know, which means the defense  can't be just keyed in on just one action now.  You know, so having, like you said, Cat at the hub,  at the elbow, at the top of the key,  you know, it allows JB to be off the ball  where he can set a rip screen for OG to the rim.  And if they mess that up, OG gets a dunk.  You know, if they don't, if they mess that up  and both of them go with OG to the rim,  now you got JB coming off clean,  you know, either for a clean shot or a DHO,  not a defense is playing catch up.  So yeah, I think that's helped their demographic  out a lot, their pie chart on what they can do offensively.  And it just, a defense can't just key  on a couple of actions anymore.  You know, and I thought over the last couple of years  with New York, you kind of got a good rhythm  of how they were going to play, you know,  and the ball was going to end up  in a certain way every single time.  And obviously we know that JB is going to still  have his ISO game where he's really good.  He's still going to have his pick and roll game  where he's really good.  But to sprinkle in a little bit of, you know,  off ball action, a little bit of pinch post action,  you know, with a different hub.  I think that helps out a lot.  Yeah, for sure.  I agree with you.  I think it's a great way.  The pie chart is a great way to describe it.  Like how do you diversify, bring different elements.  They're not even, you know, I think they,  it's one thing to get cat.  Now you're giving, like you said,  like you're asking the defense to use more bandwidth.  Right?  But it's also for JB too, like it's a,  they are not expecting when cat has it in a hub.  Like they're thinking about more than one thing, you know,  instead of just getting in the gaps, trying to,  but I do think that what I like about this next team  is the winning plays, the Josh Hart's, you know,  Mitchell Robinson, like, you know, like this year,  but also last year against Boston,  McKell Bridges making big defensive plays.  OG always comes up with a big play and is a force.  Both ends.  I think that's where they win.  I mean, JB's brilliant and, you know,  we know how talented cat is and the rest of them,  but I think they win on the hustle plays,  the physicality, the force.  I think Josh Hart is a great kind of, you know,  he's like the, the leader in that category, Wayne.  Yeah, yeah, absolutely.  Like I have to give a lot of credit to that,  to the bench as well.  Like you said, like, you know,  Deuce McBride and Mitchell Robinson  and even early in the season,  people were wondering, you know,  why Jordan Clarkson wasn't playing.  And I think Mike Brown, like, was like,  hey, I got to have guys that's going to compete  on both ends of the floor, you know.  And I think Jordan took that into account  and like he competes like hell on the defensive end  of the floor.  And we already know his shot making the ability  on the other end, you know, you know,  Landry Shamit, they, these guys are coming in  and they're keeping the pressure,  they're keeping the momentum of what the starters  are doing.  And like you said, it starts with Josh Hart.  I mean, we already know that what he's going to do  on the floor doesn't always show up in the box scores.  The diamond for the loose balls,  the getting the extra possessions, you know,  he's a one-man fast break as well, you know,  but he just does all the dirty work.  And, you know, that's always been a staple with...  Listen, when you talk about the Knicks,  they've always had one of those guys.  When they've won, they've had one of those guys,  you know, and that's just synonymous  with the Knickerbocker.  So yeah, it's good to see.  Yeah, I think it's going to be a fun series.  Yeah, man, it will.  I want to get your thoughts on Detroit.  One, the East, you know, two game sevens,  obviously they didn't play to their level  or identity in game seven against Cleveland,  but, you know, you don't throw the baby out  with the bathwater, but like,  what do you see for them in their future?  And as you spoke about a number of times,  like the level of their cycle, like where they're at,  they're still building, you know,  like they, was it three years ago?  They lost like 20-something games in a row.  So what's your thoughts on Detroit  and the stage of their program?  I think, you know, where they are today  is obviously what they don't want to be,  you know, of tomorrow.  But I think what I saw is the thing that we're talking about  how we are given a different pie chart to the Knicks,  I think they're going to ultimately have to do that as well  because as great as Kate is, you know,  at the end of the day, you know,  to have a few possessions where you can be off the ball  or have a few possessions where you can go to the bench  and feel good about someone else controlling the offense  and getting guys in their right positions  and things of that nature,  either from an attack standpoint  or being able just to get the ball in the right places.  I don't think they were able to possess that, you know,  this year when Kate was out in the post-season.  In the regular season, yes, you know,  we understand in the regular season, guys can make up,  you know, guys can make up and even in,  maybe a first round series, you know, at times.  But as you get later and later in the stages of the post-season,  you have to have multiple guys that can do multiple things.  And I think what we're seeing from the top 14s that's left,  New York has multiple guys that can do multiple things.  They can pass, shoot, dribble.  Cleveland has multiple guys that can pass, shoot, dribble.  San Antonio has a plethora of guys that can pass, shoot, dribble.  And OKC have a plethora of guys that can pass, shoot, and dribble.  I just didn't think that Detroit possessed that for a period of time.  You know, it was heavy doses of Kate.  You know, you know, they were getting some good play  out of Jenkins, obviously.  You know, Tobias was kind of up and down from time to time.  You know, obviously the Thompson tween is great, you know,  and what he brings to the table, but he's going to have  to continue to improve in the same way with Jalen Durand.  You know, he's going to have to continue to improve  for their team to, you know, reach a level of excellence.  But I think the pie chart at some point for their team  to get to another level, it has to diversify a little bit.  And I think that's the reason why Cleveland was ultimately  able to, you know, punch that clock in the final four.  Yeah, I think it was exacerbated, too,  by Cleveland's strategy of trying to wear Kate out.  They switched his pick and rolls and said, go at it.  You can get the match up you want,  but we're going to put bodies here  and you're going to have to do it every night  for a seven game series.  And they started picking him up full-core.  Yeah.  Like you said, it's just too much.  For one guy, he's placed both ends of the floor  and he's got to make all the plays.  So yeah, whether it's adding, shooting and playmaking  or it's development of Jalen Durand, you know,  Dennis Jenkins, even Sasser.  And those guys will get better, exactly.  Those guys will ultimately get better, you know,  because that's, you know, I think if those guys,  you know, take your craft seriously,  then they're going to want to get better  because they see how close they were.  A game seven at home, you're not going to,  you're not going to feel good in off-season.  Yeah.  You're not, you're the number one seed.  You have a game seven at home.  You just want a game six on the road to, you know,  to make sure that you extend the series.  You're not going to feel good in off-season.  So I hope they use that as motivation.  But yeah, like you said,  so if it's adding more shooting, you know,  so that's a fine line.  So like when you add shooting,  you got to make sure,  which is hard to come out on our league, add shooting,  but also a guy that's just not, just a sniper.  That's all he can do, you know,  because, you know, on the other end at times,  or if they run the guys off the line  and not giving you, you know, your looks,  then you, you're, you don't,  sometimes you don't want to play them.  You know, so they have to be very sure.  I think they have to just be very smart  about how they, you know, you know,  get their team better.  And those guys that still on the roster  will come back better as well.  But yeah, I think it was just a lot of pressure  and a lot of have to do it all at times for Kate.  Yeah, I agree.  I think you're right.  It is tricky.  They're a defensive identity.  So they don't want to just bring in anyone  who can shoot the ball,  but they do need playmaking.  They do need shooting.  But I do think there is a lot,  a lot of room for improvement as good as,  but they're, cause they're so young  as good as they are for Thompson and Durham.  Like those guys can really get a lot better,  you know, with their athletic skills.  So that's the number one area.  And then you see what they can do in the market.  Now they can rearrange their cap structure  and all this stuff.  So I think the future, future's bright.  Oh yeah.  I'm high on the Thompson twin.  I'm high on the Thompson twin.  I'm high on Doran as well.  You know, and those guys are,  well, I mean, I think the Thompson twins alone,  both of them are superstars in the making.  I think those guys are freaking incredible.  I love everything about them guys  and they're going to get better and better.  But like you said, yeah, Jaylin Doran, you know,  had a great year, all star this year.  And it was his first like, you know,  you know, I think I remember a quote from,  I think it was Jared Allen, you know,  maybe last year or the year before when they lost to,  I think it was a Knicks.  And he said maybe the lights were a little bit too bright,  you know, and so you have to go through some of that times.  And some people probably forget he said that  because he plays so damn great in game seven.  He's been playing great in the post-season.  So, you know, Jaylin Doran is young.  He's still a young talent.  And he's going to have his moment where, you know,  the lights probably won't feel too bright to him  and he'll shine through.  So, you know, that's all part of the progression.  By the way, did you see the charge?  Sam Merrill's gone, I'm sorry, Thompson.  Goodness.  There's not many people that big and that fast that could hit.  Like, so one I'm talking to right now,  has anyone ever stepped in on you at full speed?  Do you ever remember someone stepping in on you like that?  Like at full speed, because it's hard to do.  Yeah, yeah, that's hard to do.  It's almost a fluke, right?  Like he just didn't expect Merrill to get all the way there.  No, he didn't.  I don't think he expected him not only to get there,  but also beat him to the spot where it was like head on.  You see, Sam, he thought all his fronts was gone.  Well, he banged his head on the court.  You know you got hit hard when you can't control your neck.  Yeah, man.  And have you, I don't even know.  No, I don't think so, man.  Like, I've run a couple guys over,  but like I think some guys have embraced,  like the one thing, one play we could find,  I think it was a post-season play where in Chicago,  I was running full speed, my first standing Cleveland,  or Miami and Kurt Heinrich was about to take a charge,  but before he took the charge and he saw me going,  he kind of grabbed me and pulled me down at the same time.  So it wasn't like, it wasn't-  Surprise, he wasn't, didn't get surprised.  No, he didn't get surprised by it.  So yeah, but no, that right there,  that was a full on like,  Bo Jackson standing in the, you know,  in the whole Earl Campbell type.  Right?  Yeah, collision.  Yeah, full ball element to that.  Yeah, for sure, for sure.  Made me think, the Thompson twins, like,  I mean, they obviously could go tight end,  but like, man, as a safety,  their length and speed, whoop.  Oh my goodness, they have the racism,  yeah, it'd be another set of Ed Reid's out there,  for sure.  Right, breaking on the bomb.  Oh my goodness.  Coming out of a series with OKC,  obviously you're very, very familiar with Shane,  but just awarded back-to-back MVPs.  Man. Thoughts on him going back-to-back.  First of all, you clap it up, salute.  I know you're proud, you know,  another Canadian, back-to-back.  Absolutely.  Yeah, with you.  Absolutely.  Yeah, listen, man, you get props for props,  this dude, Shay, had one of the most efficient  NBA campaigns that we've seen in NBA history,  did it at a high level,  no matter who was in and out of the lineup.  I mean, he's missed his robin a lot of the season in J-Dub,  and he still kept it going.  Like, you know, yeah, I have no,  you know, we talked about this in a previous,  one of our previous episodes where we talked about,  I think they're like the top four guys,  it was like the Shay, Wimby, Joker, you know,  Luke, Jaylen Brown, whatever.  And we came to a point where we was like,  listen, if Joker gets it, okay, all right.  If Wimby gets it, okay, we get it.  If Shay gets it, absolutely, okay.  Like, you know, and you know, so,  you know, I think he, he's very deserving.  You know, nobody can sit here and be like,  how the hell did Shay win again?  Like, nobody can sit here and say that.  So, and to go up against him for four games  and obviously in the regular season as well,  he does things to a defense,  he does things to opposing teams  that you have to just simply account for.  He's number one and two and three on that scouting report,  you know, and he's the head of the snake  and they have a great team, obviously.  Great team, great personnel, great balance.  But you know, and you see that,  you even see that when Shay's not on the floor,  how great they are still.  But at the end of the day,  Shay sets the tone with his demeanor,  his play, his selflessness, both on and off the floor.  So we want it to a great person.  There's having not played him,  but watched him since he was a kid.  You know, he's grown into this player  where like there's a relentless pressure on the defense.  You guys played him well.  You played him well, but like it's not even,  you know, you guys threw bodies at him.  You hit at times, but you zone at times,  but you zone behind the man with the ball  and like made it crowded.  But like even at that, like if you're not back set  and loaded, he's so slippery.  And when he gets in, he can go wherever he wants  If you don't treat him with the same level of respect  that you treat Giannis with, you know,  when Giannis get a rebound, you know,  everyone talks about get back and load to Giannis,  get back, set the defense and load.  Cause if not, he's punching gaps right away  and he's on the rim right away, you know,  and you don't look at Shay like that  from a physical standpoint.  Cause you look at him, you're like, okay,  well he's not, you know, six, 11,  he's not, you know, bulky, strong, like Giannis.  He's not, you know, super physical,  like Giannis downhill, but then you realize  he absolutely is when you're on the floor.  You know, he uses big shoulder.  He uses off arm.  He uses your speed against you  when he has you, you know, back pelting.  And then now he's using, you know, that against you, you know?  So if you're not back with, you know, two guys,  three guys loaded to the basket,  loaded to the basketball with Shay with the ball,  he's going to punch those gaps  and he's going to get to the rim  when he's going to finish,  when he's going to get to the free throw line  because now you're off balance.  So you have to treat him with Giannis level respect  in the open floor.  And that's just the first part, you know?  And then you have to make sure you account  for him in the, in the, in the half court as well.  But, you know, you have to do that  before he even gets started  because he's just that damn good.  It's like, it's interesting too, because I think it's,  it's kind of sacrilegious to like compare someone to MJ and Kobe.  But like he does, like, I mean, he gets to his spot.  He just because he doesn't dunk three or four times a game,  he could. I mean, he's just,  he's even more proficient at getting to his spot  and making middies, like then those guys,  and they're, you know, two of the all-timers.  Right, right. Yeah, I mean, it's, it's,  you don't, like when he, when he gets to his midi,  you just don't think he's going to miss.  Like you just don't think he's going to miss.  He's that efficient. He's that efficient, you know?  And when he does miss, you, you have to rebound the ball.  You, you have to because given, given him  or given them second chance shots, like he's just that good, man.  And, you know, like you said, he gets to anywhere he can,  anywhere he wants on the floor, he has the left hand cross.  He has the right hand cross.  He has the in and out with the left hand  where he can finish left, left.  He has the right hand in and out  where he can finish right, right.  You know, he has the step-through moves.  He has the bump fades. He has the step, but,  like he has everything in his arsenal.  And he has the ability to be able to shift, you know,  in transition without losing acceleration.  He could go in and out cross, in and out behind,  you know, and not lose acceleration and get to that rim.  And if you're not, if you're not loaded,  if you're not paying attention to that, then you're done.  Yeah.  Yeah, he's so mobile, like his spine, his aint.  Yeah, he's like.  His spine, his ankles, his hips, he can get into gaps.  He's quick, he's quick, but you don't look at him,  he's the fastest guy in the league, but he's quick.  But like just his mobility, his deceleration,  stopping on a dime, like it's, it's,  I mean, it's his wizard at getting to the spot  and making shots.  You know what I like, and I'd like to get your take on this.  I love their two bigs, that two big lineup.  Like we know Chet's talent, we know his ability  to play inside out, to stretch the floor,  but like I'm really, really impressed with Hardenstein  as an IQ, as energy, he rebounds,  he constantly gets in the pocket,  he has a great floater, but he's a great passer.  I mean, I just think he has a great feel defensively,  like getting up to the level, not, you know,  getting the right spot.  But first of all, you're dealing with length  and athleticism right off top, you know,  and there's not many two big lineups in our league  that possess that type of athleticism,  not only vertically, but also from baseline to baseline,  also sideline to sideline.  Yeah.  You know, you're not getting that too much in our league,  you know, and, you know, they have the ability  to also do things that certain guards can do.  They have the ability to put the ball on the ground,  you know, you know, shaking, you know,  you close out too hard on Chet,  he can drive a closeout and also, you know,  go between behind and then turn his back on you  and then shoot over top of you because he's seven foot.  You know, Hardenstein is like a great hub for them.  When things break down, they can hit him,  you know, in the trail spot or hit him in the pinch post  and his IQ is good enough to be able to make the reach,  drop off a DHO and then slip to the rim for a lob,  you know, just create that vacuum, you know, for, you know,  for Shay, you know, for, you know, all those guys  that's coming down here, whatever the case may be.  And then defensively, like you said,  well, Hardenstein, obviously, you know,  you got to be conscientious of where Chet is  because he kind of has, he's not at the level of Winby,  nobody's at the level of Winby,  but you have to take account for where he is  because of his shot blocking ability.  He can come from strong side, he can come from weak side,  he can be low man, high man, high tag, low tag,  like he could be anywhere, you know,  and Hardenstein has the ability, like you said,  playing up at the level, being able to stab at the ball,  you know, of the guard and still be able to get back  and not let roller get behind him.  So yeah, they possess a lot of things  that people don't see or understand  because they're just watching the game obviously,  but there's nuances of the game  that, you know, Coach Martin know that he has,  that a lot of teams doesn't, you know,  and so that's definitely award winning  when it comes to those two guys.  It's like there's, for the casual fan,  it's like there's space on the floor  that is just taken away by having those two bigs  out there with their IQ and the mobile nature  that you think there's a space, it's not there.  No, it's not there.  And then you add to it those physical defenders  on the perimeter.  One being your little brother, Alex Caruso.  You guys had some fun possessions in that series, you know?  You must have enjoyed that, you know,  and what a competitor he is  and how good he is defensively.  Oh, absolutely.  Miss him every single day.  I miss AC every single day and day  and just to be able to compete against him,  you know, in a playoff series was, I mean, it's everything  because I know one thing for sure,  two things for certain.  If you want to compete, AC is going to be right there.  You know, he's going to get up underneath you,  he's going to grab you, he's going to hold you,  he's going to compete,  and he's going to do it at a professional level  and AC is not going to beat himself.  So you have to play that,  you have to play that chess game with AC,  you know, understanding, you know,  how, where he is on the floor,  he's damn good with his hands.  You can't play with the ball around him  because he will take it from you.  So you got to be very strategic with your movements.  Offensively, you got to be very strategic  with your body positioning with him.  But it was great.  It was great though to compete against him,  to see him come off the bench every time.  I already knew he was guarding me  every time he came off the bench.  No matter if Dort was on the floor or not,  you know, at times I knew AC was going to check me  just because we got so much history.  So that was fun, man.  I love that.  Everyone has a favorite sports memory.  For me, I'll never forget an incredible image  from the 2022 FIFA World Cup final.  The streets of Buenos Aires, empty one minute,  everyone glued to their screens.  Then a minute later, the final whistle blows  and suddenly the streets are flooded  with a sea of 1.5 million fans.  Absolute euphoria.  There are not many things that can bring joy  to that many people in one moment.  That's the magic of the FIFA World Cup.  With big events like the FIFA World Cup  coming to your area,  fans will be traveling thousands of miles  to be part of the experience.  You could list your space on Airbnb  and help fans create the stories  they'll be telling forever.  Plus, earn some extra income  while this event is happening in your backyard.  Your home might be worth more than you think.  Find out how much at Airbnb.com slash host.  Right from that first game of the NBA season,  you know there's only gonna be  so many spots available in the playoffs.  And there's a sense of accomplishment  when you make it, when you know you're in.  Getting a coveted spot is always a great feeling.  You don't need to be a star power forward to know that.  This is why people who want to seat at the table  wherever they go,  reach for the American Express Platinum Card.  Because card members can feel like MVPs,  indulging in some of the best meals out there  with dining benefits at over 10,000 US Resi restaurants.  When you get credit for eating  at some of the best restaurants,  that's a recipe for making every outing feel like a win.  With a variety of premium travel,  dining, and entertainment benefits,  all backed by American Express' award-winning service,  there's nothing like Platinum.  Learn more about Priority Notify and Resi Credit  at go.mx slash platinum dash card.  Well, let me switch gears one more time  because I don't think we've really had  like a definitive Wemby talk.  This guy is putting together,  like I think there's a distinction here.  I think some fans may not understand  how good this guy is  and just want to revert back to he's tall.  That's why he's good.  But that is an immovable part of the puzzle,  but it is a meaningless part of the puzzle  if he doesn't have the IQ, the mentality,  the work ethic, the skill.  Absolutely, absolutely.  He's not the first guy in our league that's been tall.  Right.  He's not the first guy in our league  that had length or been tall, like he's not.  So we can, we can nip that in the bud right now guys.  And yes, it is a factor, you know,  because it's his length, his size,  the way he's able to cover a lot of ground,  especially defensively.  But when we talk about what he's able to do  offensively, his ability to put the ball on the ground,  we've seen him ice on, you know,  our defensive player, multiple defensive player of the year,  Rudy Gilbert, multiple times on the perimeter,  hitting them with snatch backs,  spins up and under, you know, dream shakes, fadeaways,  you know, we've seen him, you know,  across dribble step back out of the corner for three,  you know, his ability to catch  and his coordination, which sometimes look uncoordinated,  but it's because of his length,  his ability to catch the ball  with his back towards the basket  or half of his body and be able to find a rim  before he even lands.  That is coordination that we've never seen before.  And it's not just because he's tall.  It's because his, his, he has the ability  to do things that we haven't,  we haven't seen in our league like ever.  But his IQ, like you could tell,  you could tell by the way he talks,  you could tell by his demeanor, like, you know,  he knows the game, he was taught the game the right way.  And San Antonio continues to get lucky as fuck  with these generational, talented IQ, smart,  but like, listen, keep the main thing the main thing,  you know, David Robinson, Tim Duncan,  and now Wimby, like, you know, guys who just,  they have this.  They have this dead serious mentality, you know,  they have these blinders, these horse blinders on  and they like, the mission is the mission.  And that's all that matters, you know,  and you know, it's pretty remarkable to see.  Yeah, I mean, you talked about the offensive skills  that are uncanny for his size.  But I think that the thing is like, in a sense, like,  I think of him in a basketball terms as a teenager.  Like you can see like where this is going in a way  because he's gonna get, he's already,  like you said, it might look awkward at times.  It's an incredible feat of coordination  the way he's able to handle at this level,  his length and the pace of the game and all that stuff.  So he's, as he gets stronger through his hips,  as he gets, you know, more reps and he grows into,  you know, really his body becoming, you know, a man.  Like I think that is something that is,  I think you're spot on, spot on, you know,  like when he can like rip the ball  and win that first bump and spin and he's on the rim,  then he also is, you've already seen the ability  that if he spins and they come early,  he can make those passes.  So I mean, there's a problem forming offensively for sure.  But where I've been really impressed is his defense.  Clearly the size, but what I love is  he's already thinking through it  and he knows like timing.  Like I could come early cause I see this,  but if I come early, I open up something behind me.  Let me wait, let me play possum, let me hide.  I think we have some clips where he's,  he literally tries to crouch down  behind the primary defender just to bait the guy  into shooting and making blocks.  So he's quarterbacking.  I mean.  Yeah, he's just waiting.  It's like, no, but he doesn't give Rudy anything,  but he doesn't give the ballhand.  He waits and waits and waits until there's no more space.  He takes away the lob.  So he's not letting Rudy get behind him.  So he takes away the lob all the way up  until the last moment where, you know,  he's waiting for you to shoot that floater  and he just, he just times it and go gets it.  You see how he's hiding?  Yep.  Yeah.  Yeah.  I mean, that's.  That's so sick.  That's so sick.  It just shows you, he's like baiting this guy.  I mean, that's, that's the next level.  Yeah, that's the next level.  To know the command he has and,  and he's done that a lot.  So these are some of these,  these couple here, he, he turns back.  He lets the guy get behind him in a way  and then just reappears.  So this is typical drop where you can  keep the ball in front and roll with the big.  Oh man.  David, they even try to, you know,  Nick Clash can even try to get the Gore-Taz screen on him.  And he still, he still got off of that.  He has one more where he kind of, like you said,  the rules kind of gets spun around.  He's playing two and then he's so good,  he can go the other way.  Whereas most people, you can't,  you can't give your back to the defender.  But he can reappear.  And there, there it is.  That IQ, that feel, that approach,  it's pretty scary when he's only gonna get  more and more dynamic physically.  And I think what's great too,  what their coaching staff has done a great job of,  of recognizing the talent defensively that he possesses.  And even though that, like the,  the regular fan would never recognize  some of the rules that you've never  supposed to break in our game,  but because they have that, you know,  it's just, I know I always mentioned Ed Reid.  Like Ed Reid is like one of the greatest,  if not the greatest safety of all time in NFL history.  And he was allowed to do certain things  that nobody else was allowed to do on their team.  And it was because of his,  how instinctual he was and how smart he was.  And Wimby has that same, he has that same approach.  Now their coaching staff has given him the ability to,  if a guy drives and he's in a strong corner,  you know, he'll let you almost get by him  and then take the ball and hope that you wanna shoot it.  And the guy that was guarding the ball,  he'll just peel to the corner.  He wasn't, he won't do it early  because it'll be a quick bang bang catching shoot.  But he'll do it late because, you know,  he can cover that momentum.  He can cover that, that time lapse  to where you, you're still not gonna get to the rim  and still make the shot.  So yeah, like their coaching staff  is very strategic and very smart  because you can look at it like Luke Cornette  is almost just as tall as Wimby.  Right?  Yeah, it's not that much.  Not that much.  But he does not have the same freedom defensively  that Wimby has.  And it's because of some of the instincts  and the athleticism and the movements  that Wimby possesses.  He moves like a guard  and a seven, six, seven, seven,  whatever the hell it is frame.  You know, so when you have that,  it's just, it's definitely, it's generational.  You won't see it again like that.  Perhaps the most interesting part of that is  he wants to do it.  Oh, absolutely.  He wants to do it.  He wants to, you know, he wants to get stops.  He wants to punish you.  He wants to dominate down there.  Spurs of held opponents to 16 points  below their regular season offensive rating  when he's on the floor.  I mean, 16 points.  I mean, it's crazy impact.  And it's not like the rest of the team  are slouches defensively,  but even with him on off,  it's a totally different ballgame.  Yeah, yeah, for sure.  Like it's so much more confident.  You have so much more confidence  picking up 94 feet  or getting over screens or hawking the ball  or when you know what you have behind you.  Like, you know, you know,  I mean, I played with Anthony Davis,  you know, who was one of the best defensive players  I've ever played with in my life.  And it just gave us all so much more freedom.  Like, you know, it gave KCP and myself  and Alice Caruso and Kuzma and Rondo  and it gave us so much more freedom to like,  I don't know, gamble sometimes.  Like, you know, going to gamble,  like press up and a guy beats us.  And you like, when you know 80 is behind you,  you like, holy, like you, you good.  Like you, there's nothing to worry about.  Like, you know, and, you know,  80 never won a defensive player of the year award,  which is crazy too, still,  but Wimby's like another level.  Like, you know, 80 is greatest fucking 80 was, you know,  I think Wimby is even a greater level  than any player that we've seen so far defensively.  You know, he can do it all.  And he can also guard on a switch.  If you ask him to switch,  he can guard a guard on a switch  throughout the course of the game too.  He's just, he's unbelievable, unbelievable in that area.  What strategies, tactics would you employ  to try to make Wimby less effective defensively?  Like, would you, would you bring him into the action?  Would you keep out of the action?  Obviously, you got to have the right personnel, you know?  And obviously the first thing that goes in my mind is like,  can you put five playmakers, five shooters  out on the floor at one time with the size, you know?  And a lot of teams don't have that ability,  but OKC has that ability,  Cleveland has that ability  and the Knicks have that ability  where they could put four or five guys  out on the floor that can shoot, pass and dribble.  Obviously, that's the first thing that I will say.  So, you know, when teams are,  when he's over-helping at times  or, you know, they get broken down,  guys got to be ready to catch and shoot  and ready to catch or catch and play make right away.  Trying to keep him above the break as much as possible,  you know, and meaning like, you know,  whoever he's defending,  if you have the right personnel,  you have to stop allowing him to beat a low man.  It doesn't matter if it's the strong corner or the weak corner  because it's so much easier for him to get there.  If you're running a pick and roll,  try to keep his man on the high side  away from the double side.  So if he is trying to track the roller to the rim,  then it's so much more of a longer close out  to get back to the slot or the top of the key, you know?  So that's very key, too.  And then also not being afraid of putting him in actions  because if you put him in pick and roll actions,  you know, with a stretch four or stretch five  or two guys that can do multiple things,  then he has to guard the ball  and now you take away from his ability to be weak side  or whatever the case may be  if they're in switching groups, you know?  So you have to kind of,  I don't wanna say manipulate  because it's not manipulating,  it's putting him in positions  where not saying he's gonna be less,  or not saying he won't be effective,  but he could be less effective  than if he were a low man  or if he was, you know, guarding a five man  that all he does is roll, you know?  As we saw sometimes, you know, in the Portland series  when he was able to just to guard guys  who just picked and rolled,  he's able just to play up to touch  and then just roll back to the rim  and come on, come on, I dare you.  So you have to put him in,  you have to put him in compromising positions  where you gotta get him thinking that,  oh, shit, if I leave, you know,  Rui Hachimora, if we was playing him,  if I leave Rui Hachimora, you know, in the corner  or if I leave him at the top of the key  because I'm now trying to take DA away from rolling,  then Rui is gonna make you pay  because he just shoots the ball so damn good.  So yeah, you have to put him in just like,  if you have the personnel, you know,  and you know, that's what,  that would be my suggestion.  I think it's a great point.  Like you gotta have at least four shooters.  I think if, you know, to play Wemby  and have any sort of success,  then you obviously gotta have talent,  playmaking, decision-making.  I do think the Gortot screen has a place.  You try to take his legs out.  Yeah, I do too.  Don't allow him that mobility.  The other one I think is interesting  is the dribble under, like when you attack  and just keep your dribble  and see what decisions they make.  Like are they switching back, are they not?  And then when you dribble around,  can you have a cutter on the weak side?  I agree.  Like, you know, he either has to grab it to the one  but it's not, like we've just seen him block shots  from behind, but I think it's difficult.  If he takes the ball handle on a dribble under  and someone cuts, that's a really hard,  if someone doesn't pick him up,  I think it's even hard for Wemby to get back to that  or they pull in from the corner and the shooter's open.  The other concept I wonder what your take is,  and I think it's probably difficult to manipulate this  but if he's guarding the ball in a pick and roll,  now how can you manipulate to get him there  or do you have a chat-like guy  who can handle a little bit?  Can you screen underneath and keep him out?  You know, almost like Gortot screen him  from the screen to the rim.  From the screen, yeah, yeah, you can, you can.  And yeah, you're smart.  That's a smart thing you just said, Steve,  sorry to cut you off because OKC,  which we will see in the series at some point,  they do that where it's like a,  it's not an angle screen,  it's not a center to the middle screen,  it's not centered to the right or the left.  They set flat screens where you have to navigate  because you don't know which way is coming.  So they do have the ability  and Harnstein does a great job of that,  Dort does a great job of that.  I could see them trying to at times put Wemby on Dort  or put them on guys who can be less effective,  sometimes shooting the ball  but those guys are great screeners as well.  So yeah, we can, we can definitely see that,  the Gore-Tag screen or just that simple flat screen  where you don't know which way the ball handler is going  to where he has to navigate.  Now that's the one thing about fives.  Five man, four man, you know,  obviously the four man are a little bit more,  you know, they can do it a little bit better  but five man, they have a hard time  not switching on to the ball  but also when another action comes towards them.  Are they switching?  Are they still in coverage?  Are they, they have a hard time doing that at a time.  So I think, you know,  the O.K.C. Coach of Staff is definitely over there  thinking of ways and no ways  that they're gonna try to, you know,  exploit their defense as much as they can.  Obviously San Antonio and Wemby is great at it.  So, you know, it's gonna be a great chess match.  Oh, it's gonna be a great series.  I've been waiting for this one  and I can't wait to see all the little adjustments,  see how people attack, what their approaches are.  You know, we always talk about adjustments  but really it's tweaks on what you do.  You know, it's not, you're not,  very rarely are you throwing some huge adjustment  and it's like our approach to our core principle  is gonna change slightly because of personality.  Correct, correct.  That game within the game is gonna be unbelievable  with the players on display in this next series.  It's gonna be fun to watch, it's gonna be fun to watch.  This is the main event right here  from the Western Conference, for sure.  You know, you have to attack Wemby.  You can't just hide from him the whole time.  So sometimes guards, it's our games about rim pressure.  That's how you break a defense  or you put them in rotations, you create advantages.  And so I think sometimes we get stuck  in between when we see Wemby.  We think, I'm kinda open now, but it's not a great shot.  I go a little further, I think dribbling around,  making him turn his hips,  making him follow you out the other side  and having someone cut behind you and replace.  I do think there's a place where as great as he is,  as he has block shots with his back to the ball,  I think that's a high demand to receive a penetrator.  And we're talking high level guards, you know,  like it's gotta be someone that has multiple weapons,  but he's gotta receive that guard, take away the rim,  he dribbles under, now he's gotta turn his hips.  So the Nash dribble, is that what you're talking about?  The Nash dribble, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.  He doesn't want to say it because of how humble he is,  but yeah, the Nash dribble, yeah.  I mean, yeah.  The dribble under, AKA the Nash dribble,  he doesn't want to say it, yeah, yeah.  Some of them said it, some of them said it before.  I know exactly what he meant, the Nash dribble,  exactly.  I'll get the T-shirts printed out, fellas.  The Nash dribble.  Thanks for watching Mind the Game.  New episodes drop every other Tuesday.  Remember to like, subscribe, or follow  wherever you're watching.


即将播出的是《Mind the Game》这一期。我们已经打出了球队最大能力。我们没有被对方在努力程度上超过，他们没有在身体对抗上胜过我们，也没有在战术上智胜我们。我们只是输在了天赋上。显然，你对谢伊非常熟悉，他刚刚连续两次获得MVP。对他蝉联MVP有什么看法？我们还没有真正深入聊过文班亚马。我觉得有些球迷可能还没完全理解这家伙到底有多强，总想简单归结为“他就是高”。他并不是联盟历史上第一个高个子球员。他背对篮筐接球，或者身体只有一半朝向篮筐，就能在落地前找到篮筐，这种协调性是我们从未见过的，而且这不只是因为他高。我们有一些剪辑。要限制文班亚马的防守，你会采用什么样的策略和战术？我们来聊聊尼克斯的小腿肌。
我们知道尼克斯会拿出什么表现。他们会非常努力、非常硬朗。他们有自己的球员，大家都知道自己的角色，知道每场比赛需要做什么。虽然并不总是能赢，但至少他们清楚自己的核心是什么。你这边则每场比赛看起来都不太一样。
换个话题，我们来谈谈你的未来。现在你心里怎么想？你每天都在考虑吗？有没有逐渐感觉到方向了？好的，詹姆斯先生，我们回来了。
是的，我们回来了。你在打完雷霆系列赛后，有了一点空间和时间吧？
是的，是的。我最近就是在放松，消化整个赛季，同时有机会恢复身体。赛季末有一些磕磕碰碰，但我们都同意，没有需要康复的休赛期就是成功，对吧？尤其是打完第23个赛季，这本身就很疯狂。没有手术、没有康复，了不起的成就。回顾第23季，我想听听你的看法。你对这个赛季有什么评价？你打出的水平如何？还有那些破纪录的表现，什么让你印象最深刻？从赛季开始到结束，整个过程。嗯，显然赛季开始并不如我所愿。我因为坐骨神经问题缺席了训练营、季前赛和常规赛前14场比赛，这对我来说是个挑战，也有点打击到我，让我一度怀疑自己能不能回到原来的水平。但当我回来后，虽然花了一点时间重新找到节奏，但一旦进入状态，能和球队一起打球感觉真的很好。我们一度在摸索球队的定位，怎么让大家融合在一起，然后伤病又来了——AR受伤，Luca因为孩子出生暂时离开，我又受伤……感觉一个赛季的波折都集中在一起了，但球队还是站住了脚跟，依然打出了不错的篮球。后来我从最后一次伤停回来后，我们打出了一波非常好的连胜。我适应了球队需要的角色，Luca打出了MVP级表现，AR打出了全明星级表现，我们进攻和防守都非常出色，是联盟进攻最强的球队之一，也是防守前十的球队。那段时间非常棒。但季后赛前一周，大家都知道发生了什么——Luca腿筋受伤，AR腹斜肌受伤。我们带着两个最重要火力点缺阵进入季后赛。不过我自己感觉不错，在那几个月里我逐步提升，回来后又继续提升，为季后赛做好准备。这和预期不太一样，我本来以为季后赛我会扮演瑞士军刀的角色，根据需要打一、三或者二当家。但实际情况是我被推回到了球队第一选项的位置，而我们居然还在那种情况下赢了一个季后赛系列赛，我觉得这是巨大的成就。当然，我的目标远不止赢一个系列赛，我赢过很多次系列赛，一个是不够的。但考虑到我们当时经历的一切——AR后来回来打了几场不错，但还在找状态，Luca始终没回来，还有很多伤病——在这种情况下，我们能在西部赢一个季后赛系列赛，我非常尊重我们的球员和教练组，他们在精神和身体上都为我们做好了准备。对阵卫冕冠军，这已经很好了。我也有一些个人高光，打破和创造了一些纪录，这些都很酷。但最让我印象深刻的，是能在季后赛和Bronny一起打球。在对休斯顿的第三场，我们两人连续拿了10分，那一刻我几乎恍惚了，心里想着“这到底是怎么回事？太不可思议了。”所以总的来说，这是一个成功的赛季。在我这个年龄和职业生涯阶段，还能保持高水平，带领球队进入季后赛，并帮助球队赢下系列赛，这非常特别。这就是我第23季的总结。你提到了一点很有意思的东西。现在大家太执着于总冠军、戒指文化，但并不是每支球队都能夺冠。每支球队都处于不同的周期，尤其是马刺和雷霆正在崛起的时候，要在所有方面都匹配他们的天赋非常困难。你说的那点很好——你还是要打出自己的最好水平，从中找到回报，即使输掉、被横扫也会面临批评，但你们坚持了下来。每场比赛上半场都很好，只是后来有点体力不支。你能不能和大家聊聊你是怎么看待这些的？如何在不放弃、持续进步、享受日常工作的同时，不被周围的噪音影响？是的，我理解。你很容易陷入戒指文化，但说到底，每年只有一支冠军，那其他29支球队难道都是失败者吗？我当然有激情和渴望每年都举起拉里·奥布莱恩奖杯，但我也清楚自己这一年所在的球队是什么情况。今年我们全力以赴，打出了球队的最大能力。但坦白说，我们就是输在了天赋。我们没有被努力程度、身体对抗或智慧超过，我们只是被雷霆的天赋超过了。他们拥有远超我们的天赋。当然，他们可能在一些回合上有更好的IQ，但这种事双方都会有。我觉得我们也有一些回合在IQ上胜过了他们。但归根结底，我们在天赋上输了。你得向他们致敬。所以不能太纠结这个，尤其是当你清楚自己确实人员不足的时候。最重要的是拿自己和自己比——我们能做到什么程度。我对我的太阳队也有同样的感觉。他们第一轮也被雷霆横扫，但每场比赛都在进步。对我来说，你们也是每场比赛都在进步。这是一个良好文化的标志，是好人、愿意协作、愿意进步的标志，而不是说“太难了，我们放弃”。球迷有时很难理解这种价值。你会看到一些天赋很高的球队不好看，而另一些球队虽然天赋稍逊，但大家为彼此打球，球迷就会支持他们。在不一定能和冠军相比的情况下，球队尽可能接近自己的潜力，这本身就有巨大的回报和价值。完全同意。因为你要达到那个水平，必须要有台阶。雷霆今天的样子，是他们经过很多台阶才走到的。大家忘了五年前、四年前的雷霆是什么样。马刺的上升轨迹有点不同，但文班受伤或者上赛季没打多少场的时候，他们是什么样，现在他基本健康，再加上周围的天赋，他们变得更年轻，还增加了有季后赛经验的哈里森·巴恩斯、德阿隆·福克斯、卢·科内特等等，现在你看到结果了。纽约还在建基石，克利夫兰也在建，大家都在建自己的基石，这需要时间。偶尔会有一些一锤子买卖能夺冠，但能持续多久？关键是可持续性和文化——如何持续建设，直到能站上去。换个话题，谈谈你的未来。很多事情悬而未决。你已经有了四段名人堂级别的职业生涯，成就了一切，但现在还在高水平打球。你要决定要不要继续打，在哪打，和谁一起打。这些因素是怎么考虑的？你现在心里怎么想？每天都在想吗？有没有逐渐有方向了，还是说还需要时间？我现在还是在慢慢来的阶段，还没怎么认真想过。当然我知道自己是自由球员，能掌控自己的命运——是继续留在这支球队，还是去其他地方。但我还没到那个阶段。我还没带家人去度假呢，那要在阵亡将士纪念日之后。这是目前最重要的事。大概到六月下旬、七月自由市场开始热闹起来，可能到七、八月，我才会慢慢对未来有感觉。到底是继续打我热爱的比赛（我知道我还能给比赛很多贡献，还能打高水平），还是不打了……但我还没到那个点。到时候再看吧，无论是继续在NBA打一年，还是其他，都会很有趣。我猜你肯定只想去一个积极的环境，能赢球的地方。
对，绝对是。你24年赛季不可能从头开始。
没错，没错。我已经不想再从零开始了。赢球是最重要的，因为你想每天去工作都兴奋，想享受每天的胜利，和一群有同样追求、不想后退的家伙在一起。赛季是漫长的马拉松，但那些日常的积累才决定你季后赛冲刺时的表现。所以我不会去一个要从头开始的地方。另一个重要因素是家庭。你的孩子们大部分时间在洛杉矶长大，这也要考虑。你不会签一个六年合同，但还是要考虑。我上次去湖人时也面临艰难决定，要权衡所有事情。我想家庭对你也很重要。非常重要，这是1A和1B。我在哪打球舒服，和家人怎么想，是并列的。我会和我的两个儿子、女儿、妻子一起讨论，这是共同决定。他们一直尊重我的最终决定，但我非常在意他们的感受——爸爸是不是能多陪陪他们。好的，祝你好运。这个位置做决定不容易，但我为你感到兴奋。
谢谢，老兄。（中插广告部分略）我们来聊聊尼克斯……
（后半部分关于东部系列赛、骑士、尼克斯、活塞、雷霆双MVP谢伊、以及重点聊文班亚马的防守策略等内容翻译如下）……我认为尼克斯现在打得很好，他们找到了节奏。从JB开始，但OG打得很好，米卡尔后期也起来了，卡特打得很好，替补也很好，乔什·哈特是那种瑞士军刀，什么都做。他们现在感觉状态很好。我们知道尼克斯会拿出什么——他们会非常努力、非常硬朗，大家知道自己的角色，知道每场比赛该做什么。虽然不一定每场都赢，但至少他们有自己的核心。有时候骑士每场比赛看起来都不太一样，他们还在摸索。詹姆斯和多诺万都喜欢持球，但也愿意分享，怎么在不持球时依然影响胜利，这是关键。这个系列赛哪边发挥好就能赢，但如果骑士又是 Jekyll and Hyde（双面人），那尼克斯就会晋级。关于活塞……
（略，讨论未来、需要多元化进攻等）关于谢伊连续两年MVP……
他这个赛季打出了联盟历史上最高效的战役之一，不管谁伤停他都保持高水平。我完全支持他获奖。他值得，没有人会质疑。和他打了四场季后赛，你能感受到他对防守的压迫力。他是球探报告上的1、2、3号人物，是球队的头儿。他们有很好的团队平衡。即使他不在场，他们依然很强。但谢伊用他的举止、打法和无私设定基调。他非常特别。你必须用对待扬尼斯一样的尊重对待他——一拿到篮板就要立刻退防集结，否则他会直接冲击篮筐。他虽然看起来没那么壮，但他在场上用肩膀、离手、速度把你玩弄于股掌之间。你必须用两三个人保护篮下，否则他就会得手。关于文班亚马：
我们还没有真正深入聊过他。有些球迷可能还没理解他到底有多强，总想说“他就是高”。但他不是联盟第一个高个子球员。这一点我们可以直接打住。他的身高和臂展当然是因素，让他能覆盖很大面积，尤其防守端。但他在进攻端把球放在地上的能力，我们看到他多次在弧顶单打多次最佳防守球员鲁迪·戈贝尔，用抢断步、转身、上篮、梦幻脚步、后仰……他在底角交叉运球后撤步三分。他接球时的协调性——背对篮筐或侧身接球，能在落地前找到篮筐——这种协调性是我们从未见过的，这不只是因为他高，而是他能做到我们从未见过的事。他的篮球智商，从他说话的方式、他的举止就能看出来。他是被正确教导长大的。马刺又一次幸运地得到了这种天赋+智商+极强自律的球员——大卫·罗宾逊、蒂姆·邓肯，现在是文班。他们都有那种极度专注、戴着马眼罩只看目标的心态。他的防守已经让我印象深刻。他已经会思考时机：我可以早点上，但那样身后就空了，所以我等、装、藏。我们有剪辑显示他蹲在主防人身后诱使对手出手，然后封盖。他就是那种下一级的存在。而且他还想这么做，他想封盖、想惩罚对手、想统治禁区。有他在场，马刺能让对手进攻效率比常规赛低16分，这太疯狂了。限制文班亚马防守端的策略：
首先，你需要有五名能传能投能运的球员（至少四名射手）。当他过度协防或防线被打破时，必须立刻能投或能传。尽量把他留在三分线以上，不要让他做低位协防。挡拆时尽量让他防的球员在高位，远离弱侧，这样他协防回来要跑很远。不要害怕把他卷入挡拆动作，让他去防球，这样就能减少他弱侧协防的机会。用能投能传的四号位或五号位去打他，迫使他思考。可以用戈塔特式掩护（从后面卡腿），降低他的移动性。用运球下切（Nash dribble），然后弱侧有人空切，让他必须转身，这会非常难受。总之，你必须攻击他，不能整场躲着他。这是最高水平的象棋对决。

