Really, the first question is, how are you feeling right now, playing nearly 50 minutes, double  overtime, game one, Western Conference finals, and then winning the game in that manner?  What is the overriding emotion that you have right now?  I feel like it was a great effort from everybody, you know, 1-15.  Physically, I'm feeling tired, honestly, but not as much as you would expect, honestly,  if it's probably the adrenaline.  It's going to come down a little bit, and probably going to sleep pretty well tonight.  Victor, I heard you tell the TV broadcast that it felt at times like you weren't thinking  during that late part of the game.  Can you kind of expand on that, your mentality, and also the pull-up three-pointer that  you hit with 30 seconds left, what were you thinking for that one?  For that one, I was just thinking, take my time, but for the rest, you know, there are  some plays I wish I were thinking more, like the, I think it was the regulation last shot.  I had an open look, you know, on a way smaller defender, so I should have just taken it,  but it's an experience we learned, you know.  Mitch was saying that it's a pretty natural response for a competitor to see another competitor  get something that he wants, you know, whether it's the MVP trophy or whatever it might be.  I'm just curious if that was in your mind at all, knowing that Shay had got that award,  and you were in the top three for it, and, you know, did any part of tonight feel  personal, some of your facial expressions kind of look like you were really, really going for it?  Yeah, for sure. Everything you just said.  What does it feel like to see someone else get the MVP trophy right before you step into,  I guess, what is basically the biggest game of your career, and then to have the best  performance of your career?  It feels like I still got a lot to learn.  And I want to get that trophy, you know, many times in my career.  We talked a lot about winning an MVP and, you know, what goes behind it, whether it's  political, things of that nature. Do you feel like, especially after this game, that  you're the best player in basketball?  Do I feel like it right now? I feel tired.  But it's not a question I'm wondering right now.  We'll see, you know.  The world is eight billion people, so it's eight billion opinions.  Victor, tonight almost felt a little bit symbolic.  The MVP ceremony for SGA before the game, and then you have a big response tonight with your performance.  If your performance tonight had a message behind it, what would that message be?  The message would be that we as a team are ready to go in any environment, in any place,  against anybody, even though we still got a lot to learn.  Our effort should be over anybody else's, and tonight we were relentless.  Victor, a lot of guys took turns on SGA.  What did you think of the play of the guys, the perimeter of the guys on you?  That was great. It's a team thing. Everybody was very connected today.  We need to keep being connected, and I don't know how we're going to,  probably not going to practice tomorrow.  But we're definitely going to meet and talk about it and anticipate for next games.  There's going to be adjustments on both sides.  Vic, you've said a couple of times now that you're tired, which makes a lot of sense.  I imagine there's a mental toll during a game like that as well.  Can you just explain what that game was like to be a part of with the amount of hits you took  and to continue to keep going?  It's something, you know, the relentlessness is built as well.  First of all, the first thing is physical ability, you know, getting stronger as the years go on.  And the mental toughness, you have to have it all the time.  And as you said, yes, it takes a toll, but we will rest in July.  You talk about the relentlessness, the physicality you had to play with tonight.  When you have such an emotional and physically taxing game like this one,  how important is it for you all to be able to close it out there in the second overtime?  It's everything. It's everything.  And I feel like it takes a lot of guts.  It takes a lot of, you need experience as well.  But tonight, I mean, a game like tonight is the best way to get experience.  We played five quarters.  So we're learning.  And by the time we get the experience, we'll compensate with our effort.  Victor, I asked Mitch.  I'd love to hear it from you as well.  Even though we didn't see Darren tonight, can you talk about his veteran voice  and how much it helped you guys to this one?  It matters a lot, you know.  Obviously he said talking and he sees a lot as a point guard.  And his guidance with the young guys is just great.  And I knew they were going to have his back.  Vic, you've referenced many times, both in round one and round two,  and even tonight that this is a team that's still learning,  that you're still learning.  How do you marry the fact that for a group that's learning,  and many of you haven't been on this stage before,  you look extremely comfortable in this moment.  Learning tends to be awkward.  You guys are not awkward with this.  Yeah.  You know, it's...  We want to win everything.  And we have the chance to have people above us in the organization  that know how to do that.  And so far it looks like they've put the right people together  to give us a chance, because right now we've got a chance.  We've still got a lot to do, a lot to learn.  A lot of trials to go through that we don't even know of.  But we have a chance and that's because they've built the team like this.  Victor, we all know Dylan Harper's talent in attack.  Can you talk a little bit about his defensive impact?  Are you still surprised by what he's capable of doing?  Do you think he also has the potential to be a superstar,  to be a two-way player?  Of course.  We rely a lot on him, on both sides of the field.  He's awesome.  It's...  He's...  From the start, he's very impressive.  When I'm on the bench and it's one of the first options in attack,  he's really, really impressive.  What I'm surprised about, as usual, is his maturity at his age.  And I'm not old yet, but he's still two years younger than me.  And his maturity, it's just incredible.  The control of his body, it's magnificent.  Victor, did you have the feeling,  that you had the time to do something legendary  that will remain in NBA history?  Can you talk, you played 49 minutes,  of all the work you've done on your body  to be able to maintain your intensity for 49 minutes?  I think it's your record in NBA.  Yes, sir. I think it was 45 years ago.  In hockey.  It's just the beginning of the work.  I haven't had the time to develop as much as I would like.  And there's still a lot of matches left.  There's still a lot of matches left.  So there's no effect, but actually,  I'm very aware that  if I can play 49 minutes and be performing for 49 minutes,  it's thanks to the work I've done in the summer.  When I see Guillaume on the side,  when we start the second overtime,  I'm aware of the work we've done over the years.  You're going to talk a little bit about learning.  Just before, how do you do to learn  against a team that is NBA champion,  surely the best team of the last three years?  We feel like learning and playing such a strong team  is not very compatible for you to do it  and you gain more.  How do you explain it? How do you see that?  As I said earlier, I think we compensate.  We lack experience with the desire to win.  We play with intensity without relaxation.  Finance is no more complicated than that.  We're lucky to have good advice,  to have coaches and a general organization  who advise us very well.  So we can rely on that.  We can rely on the scouting on the pitch.  And actually, when we play a team like that  that is a champion title,  if we lose, it will be our fault.  It's not because it's us who make mistakes.  It's not because it seems like it's us.


记者： 真的，第一个问题就是，在打满了将近50分钟、两个加时，西部决赛G1，还以这样的方式赢下比赛之后，你现在感觉如何？此刻你心里最强烈的情绪是什么？Victor： 我觉得这是大家共同的巨大努力，从1号到15号都是。身体上说实话我很累，但其实没有想象中那么累，应该是肾上腺素还在起作用。等它退下去之后，今晚应该能睡得很好。记者： Victor，我听到你对电视转播说，在比赛最后阶段有时候感觉自己大脑一片空白。你能详细说说当时的心态吗？还有你在最后30秒投进的那记干拔三分，当时脑子里在想什么？Victor： 那记球我当时就想着，慢慢来，稳一点。但其他时候，其实有些回合我希望自己能想得更多一点。比如常规时间最后那次出手，我面对一个比我矮很多的防守人，有一个很空的机会，我应该直接出手的。但这就是经验，我们会从中学习。记者： Mitch说，作为竞争者，看到别人拿到自己想要的东西（比如MVP奖杯）是很自然的反应。我很好奇，当你知道Shay已经拿到了MVP，而你排在前三，今晚的比赛有没有让你觉得带点私人恩怨的意味？从你的一些面部表情来看，你真的非常非常拼命。Victor： 是的，你说的这些全都有。记者： 在你即将踏上可能是职业生涯最重要的一场比赛之前，看到别人先拿到了MVP奖杯，然后自己又打出了生涯最佳表现，这是什么感觉？Victor： 感觉我还有很多东西要学。我希望在职业生涯里能多次拿到那个奖杯。我们之前聊过很多关于拿MVP的话题，以及背后的东西，不管是政治因素还是其他。你觉得，尤其是在今晚这场比赛之后，你已经是篮球界最好的球员了吗？Victor： 我现在觉得吗？我现在只觉得累（笑）。这不是我现在会去想的问题。以后再说吧。这个世界有80亿人，就有80亿种意见。记者： Victor，今晚感觉有点象征意义。赛前先举行了SGA的MVP颁奖仪式，然后你用今晚的表现做出了强有力的回应。如果说你今晚的表现背后有一个信息，你想传递的是什么？Victor： 这个信息就是：我们这支球队已经准备好在任何环境、任何地点，和任何人打硬仗了，虽然我们还有很多要学习的地方。我们的努力程度应该超过任何人，今晚我们就是不松懈、很顽强。记者： Victor，今晚很多人轮流去防守SGA。你怎么评价球队外线对他的防守？Victor： 非常好。这就是团队篮球。今天每个人都非常有连结性。我们需要一直保持这种连结性。明天可能不练了，但我们肯定会开会讨论，为接下来的比赛做准备。双方都会有调整。记者： Vic，你已经好几次说自己很累，这很正常。我想这样一场比赛在精神上也会很消耗。你能说说在承受那么多身体对抗、不断坚持打下去是什么感受吗？Victor： 这就是顽强精神的积累。首先是身体能力，这些年要不断变得更强壮。其次是精神韧性，你必须一直拥有它。正如你所说，它确实会消耗，但我们会在七月休息。记者： 你提到今晚的顽强和身体对抗。在经历这样一场情绪和身体都极度消耗的比赛后，能在第二个加时完成终结，对你们来说有多重要？Victor： 这就是一切。这需要很大的勇气，也需要经验。但像今晚这样的比赛，就是积累经验的最好方式。我们打了五节球，所以我们在学习。等我们有了经验之后，我们会用努力来弥补。记者： Victor，我之前也问过Mitch。我也想听听你的看法。虽然我们今晚没看到Darren上场，但他的 veteran voice（老将的声音）对球队帮助有多大？Victor： 帮助非常大。很明显，他作为控卫看得很多，也一直在说话。他对年轻球员的指导真的很棒。我知道大家都会支持他。记者： Vic，你在第一轮、第二轮包括今晚都多次提到，这是一支还在学习的球队，你们也还在学习。你们这群很多人都没在这么大的舞台上打过球的人，怎么能看起来这么适应这个时刻？学习的过程通常是笨拙的，但你们看起来并不笨拙。Victor： 是的。你知道……我们想赢下一切。我们很幸运，组织里有比我们更有经验的人知道怎么做到这一点。到目前为止，他们似乎把正确的人组合在了一起，给我们创造了机会。因为现在我们真的有这个机会。我们还有很多要做的，很多要学的，还有很多我们甚至不知道的考验等着我们。但我们有机会，这就是他们把球队建成这样的原因。记者： Victor，我们都知道Dylan Harper在进攻端的才华。你能谈谈他的防守影响力吗？你还对他能做到的事感到惊讶吗？你觉得他有潜力成为超级巨星，成为两端都很强的球员吗？Victor： 当然。我们在攻防两端都非常依赖他。他太棒了。从一开始他就给人留下非常深刻的印象。当我坐在板凳上，看他作为主要进攻选项之一的时候，真的非常非常惊艳。我最惊讶的，还是他这个年龄的成熟度。我自己都还不算老，但他比我小两岁，他的成熟度真的不可思议。对身体的控制也非常出色。记者： Victor，你有没有感觉到，自己正在做一些可能会载入NBA史册的传奇事情？你今晚打了49分钟，能谈谈这些年来你在身体上做的准备吗？这样才能维持49分钟的高强度。我想这应该是你的NBA新纪录。Victor： 是的，先生。我记得上一次有人打这么多大概是45年前，在冰球场上。这才只是开始。我还没有达到自己想要的发展程度。后面还有很多比赛要打。所以现在还没什么影响，但我非常清楚，如果我能打49分钟并且保持表现，这要感谢我在夏天做的准备。当我在第二个加时看到Guillaume在场边时，我就清楚地意识到这些年我们所做的工作。记者： 你一直提到学习。那你如何去向一支NBA卫冕冠军、过去三年最强的球队学习呢？我们通常觉得，和这么强的球队打球的同时还在学习，对你们来说可能不太容易，但你们反而收获更多。你怎么解释这一点？Victor： 就像我之前说的，我觉得我们用求胜欲弥补了经验的不足。我们打球时全程保持高强度，没有松懈的时候。道理没有比这更复杂的了。我们很幸运有很好的建议，有优秀的教练和整个管理层给我们很好的指导。所以我们可以依靠这些，也可以依靠场上的侦察。当我们面对这样一支冠军球队时，如果输球，那一定是我们自己的问题，而不是因为对手太强。

