In this episode of Detail, if I'm LeBron James, and if I'm Kevin Durant, I'm looking for  areas on the floor where I can attack in 1-2 dribble pull-up situations.  Get to the spot before defenses can key on me and lock in on me and operate quickly.  It's another great opportunity right there.  Now, this is the right pass to make.  It's a right pass to make. No doubt about it.  He's open. I'll just throw it off target.  But what I also have are these pull-up jump shots.  I mean, my size and my body keeps the defense off balance.  I mean, look at Bell here. He's completely turned around.  I can stop on a dime and pull up and shoot that jumper right there.  1-2 dribble pull-ups.  I can do 1-2 dribble pull-ups all series long.  All series long.  There, there, stop, pop.  This is where I can make a living.  These actions right here, these quick pin downs, catching and shooting, right?  1 dribble, stop, pop.  The more I have to play with the ball, the more Cleveland's defense can lock in on me.  But these actions here, bang, bang.  I mean, that's easy money.  I got to be looking for these here.  I shouldn't be looking to score when I'm handling the ball away from the rim.  If I got to bounce the ball three, four, five times, that's where Cleveland's defense can load up.  If I'm looking to get buckets, I got to get buckets off of action like this.  With the size that KD has, the size that LeBron has,  they'll be able to elevate over any double team and shoot that shot  and not have to go all the way into the basket and deal with trees and charges and no foul calls.  But get to those spots and pull up for that jumper.  For more analysis, go to detail on ESPN+.

要在防守人还没来得及锁定我之前就到达那个点，然后快速出手。这又是一个绝佳的机会。现在，这是一个正确的传球选择，毫无疑问。他是空位的，我只是把球传偏了一点。但我同时还拥有这些干拔跳投的武器。我的身材和体型能让防守人失去平衡。看看贝尔这里，他已经完全被转晕了。我可以急停、干拔，就在原地投进这记跳投。1-2次运球干拔，我整轮系列赛都可以这么打。整轮系列赛。这里，这里，急停，出手。这就是我能一直得分的地方。这些动作——快速的掩护（pin down），接球就投，对吧？一次运球、急停、出手。我持球时间越长，克利夫兰的防守就越有机会集结包夹我。但这些动作，砰、砰……这就是轻松得分。我必须去寻找这些机会。当我远离篮筐持球时，我不应该想着直接得分。如果我要运3次、4次甚至5次球，那正是克利夫兰防守可以堆积包夹的时候。如果我想得分，我就得通过这种配合来得分。拥有像KD和勒布朗这样的身材，他们能够在任何包夹上起跳出手，不需要每次都杀到篮下面对一大堆“树”一样的内线、冒着被撞翻的风险以及经常没有哨子。而是到达那些位置，直接干拔跳投。更多分析，敬请前往 ESPN+ 观看《Detail》。

