In this episode of detail I would really look at defending the ball more aggressively  or having a clear direction or focus of where I want to push the ball handler.  Too many times I'm giving direct line drives to ball handlers and I'm putting our defense in jeopardy.  All right this is a threatening position.  They say on those uh shark shows when a shark's swimming with his fins down you know he's in an  attack position right you know James is not backing his ball up right he's staying in an  attack position here so you know this is a threatening posture and so to move closer to him  does nothing but put us in jeopardy because from here he's going to attack  and now I'm opening up that tight turn again to get to that basket see if he turns the corner  like that then you know Igadala I mean there's nothing he can do I'm giving him a straight line  to that basket so when I when he's here in this position here I have to be able to force him  if you drew an imaginary line between me and Igadala that's the angle where I need to push  harden I cannot allow him to turn this corner if he dips his shoulder and turns this corner  we're done right and me trying to hold him there with my right hand that that is that's  not going to do anything with this guy I mean he's going to go right through that  he's looking to attack me right so I got a cushion again same thing get off my heels cushion  where am I sending him right but again that's a direct line drive right that's a direct line  drive I got to be able to guard him you know these teams need to know that they're not just  going to be able to just isolate me and have something positive come out of it  I have to be able to guard this player and force him to help right not allow him to  just simply turn the corner and do this  I need to be able to hold my ground defensively I need to be mindful of where the help is  and I need to be mindful of how to push the ball handler in the direction of where that help is  and prohibit him from turning the corner quickly which you know makes the weak side help and  consequential for more analysis go to detail on ESPN plus


在这一集《Detail》中，我要重点讨论如何更具侵略性地防守持球人，以及如何明确地设定目标——把持球人往我想让他去的方向推。太多时候，我给了持球人直接的直线突破路线，把我们的防守置于危险之中。好，这是一个极具威胁的位置。就像鲨鱼节目里说的，当鲨鱼把鳍收起来游泳时，它正处于攻击姿态。对吧？詹姆斯在这里没有把球收回去，他保持着攻击性的姿态。所以仅仅靠近他没有任何作用，反而会让我们陷入被动。因为从这个位置他会直接发动攻击。现在我又给了他一个可以急转的路线冲向篮筐。看，如果他像这样转过这个角，Iguodala 就没办法了——我给他开了一条直通篮下的通道。所以当他处于这个位置时，我必须有能力迫使他改变方向。如果在我和 Iguodala 之间画一条假想线，我就要把 Harden 往这个角度推。我绝不能让他轻易转过这个角。一旦他沉肩转过这个角，我们就完了。我试图用右手去阻挡他，对他这种球员是没用的，他会直接冲过去。他就是要攻击我。所以我需要后撤一步，保持距离，离开脚跟（cushion）。我要把他往哪里赶？但现在这样又变成了一条直线突破路线。我必须能真正防住这种球员，让对手明白，他们不能简单地把我 isolation（单打）出来就一定能得到好处。我必须守住这个球员，把他逼向有协防帮助的位置，而不是让他轻易转过那个致命的角。我需要在防守时稳住自己的重心，同时要时刻清楚协防的位置，并且有意识地把持球人往协防方向推，阻止他快速转过那个角。这样才能让弱侧的协防真正发挥作用。更多分析，敬请前往 ESPN+ 观看《Detail》。

