In this episode of Detail, I'm really looking at opportunities to put pressure on the Cleveland  defense by pushing hard in transition.  Got to slow that one down. I know that in transition,  Brian is always going to let the ball handler go by.  He's always going to let you go by him.  All right, he's always going to do this. He's going to slow down, he's going to let you go  by him, and then he's going to catch you at the run.  Right. So that means in this situation,  we have to recognize this. This is Terry over here. This is me with the ball,  Brian's here to make this penetration. Terry's got to know that Brian's going to allow this  to happen. You know, which he wants the opportunity to contest late at the run.  So that means when this happens, I need to slide all the way down here in the corner.  And now, you know, Terry slides all the way down in the corner, and now I can make that pass to Terry  down in the corner for a shot. You know, Cleveland, it's a massive emphasis for them  to get back on defense, right? So this penetration here really needs to be a bait,  because now I can pull everybody in, right? I have four defensive players here  concerned about the action that's taking place. I have Horford trailing, you know,  Tristan's doing a great job. They'll stand between me and Horford and plugging up that line.  JR is doing a great job running and getting on the line to tatum.  LeBron is setting himself up to get a chase down block. Terry's got to make sure he's  moving actively down here in the corner, and I got to be the one that's the bait, right?  So I got to bait this drive here, and now I can find Terry here in the corner for three.  You know, on the road, I have to make sure that we're all running together,  right? My speed here, here we go in the attack. You know, Cleveland's going to make a concerted  effort to get back in transition, right? So they're going to build a wall.  They're going to make sure everybody's back in the paint. They don't want to give us any  fast break opportunities. Therefore, on this thrust, I got to make sure I have  all my teammates are down with me in shooting positions. So when I collapse the defense,  they're in position to shoot that ball or make a play for someone else.  The guy get everybody moving, everybody running.  If I can push hard in transition, put a lot of pressure on the defense that collapses  the defense. Now, once the defense collapses, then it becomes my responsibility to find  shooters on a perimeter. My ability to carry the thrust in transition, make or miss,  puts a lot of pressure on that Cleveland defense, then it becomes my responsibility  once I get in the paint to make the proper reads. That's something I'd certainly look to  take advantage of. Use our youth, our athleticism, to push hard at Cleveland in transition,  especially on the road. For more analysis, go to detail on ESPN Plus.


在这一集《Detail》中，我主要观察的是通过强硬的转换进攻来给克利夫兰防守施压的机会。这个地方要慢放一下。我知道在转换进攻中，Brian 总是会让持球人先过掉他。他一直都会这么做：他会慢下来，放你过去，然后再从后面追上来进行干扰。所以在这种情况下，我们必须提前识别这一点。这是 Terry 在这边，我持球，Brian 在这里进行突破。Terry 必须要清楚 Brian 会放这个突破发生，因为他想在后面追着干扰。因此，当这种情况发生时，我需要溜到底角去。而 Terry 也要拉到底角，这样我就能把球传给他，让他获得底角三分出手的机会。克利夫兰非常强调快速回防，对吧？所以这次突破其实更像是一个诱饵。因为我可以把所有防守人都吸引过来。现在有四个防守球员都在关注我这边的动作。Horford 在追防，Tristan 做得很好，他站在我和 Horford 之间堵住传球路线。JR 也在全力跑回，占据 Tatum 的路线。LeBron 则在准备追身大帽。Terry 必须确保自己积极地跑到底角，而我就是要当那个诱饵。我要诱使他们来防守这次突破，然后我就能找到底角的 Terry 投三分。在客场，我必须确保我们所有人一起跑起来。看我的速度，这里我们开始进攻。克利夫兰在转换中会非常努力地回防，他们会筑起一道墙，确保每个人都回到禁区，不想给我们任何快攻机会。因此，在这次推进中，我要确保所有队友都跟我一起落位到投篮位置。这样当我压缩防守之后，他们就能处在随时可以出手或创造机会的位置。让所有人都动起来，所有人都跑起来。如果我能在转换进攻中强硬推进，给防守方制造巨大压力，让防守崩溃，那么一旦防守崩溃，我就需要负责找到外线的射手。我推进转换进攻的能力——不管投进还是投失——都会给克利夫兰防守带来很大压力。等我杀进禁区后，做出正确的阅读和传球选择，就是我的责任了。这是我一定会去利用的机会。利用我们的年轻和运动能力，在转换进攻中强硬冲击克利夫兰，尤其是在客场。更多分析，敬请前往 ESPN+ 观看《Detail》。

