If I'm Jason Tatum, I'm looking at ways to improve my game.  I'm really good at posting up.  I'm really good in isolation.  I'm really good at creating opportunities.  But where I could get better is the opportunities  to catch and shoot.  I'm popping out to catch, right?  I'm catching, I'm looking to attack off the catch.  I think I can do a better job of sliding away quicker  and right into a shot.  All right, so if I'm moving faster here,  I slide into this little pocket area.  Move, don't let the catch the ball here.  Curl off, slide right into this pocket area,  just underneath Banes.  That should be a good catch and shoot opportunity, right?  Because if you see Nance is playing off, right?  He's protecting against penetration.  So if I'm able to slide off of this  and come down into this pocket here,  so you can't throw that pass right now  because I don't want to catch it there.  I want to catch it right here in this pocket here, right?  So I'm hiding behind Banes so my man can't get to me.  He's got a bad angle to get to me, right?  So that frees me up for a second  to be able to shoot that jump shot.  So I curl around that, slide into this pocket,  and that should be a jump shot  because Nance is not playing me to catch and shoot.  He's playing me to drive, right?  He's cushioning.  So I got to get into that pocket  and look for that jump shot.  No, this would be a bucket.  I'm coming out too wide here.  That's a jump shot right there.  Hide behind that screen.  If I come up too high here,  I give my man a right angle to get to me, right?  Coming up here, that's the right, he can close out to me.  Instead of being here, if I move back just a little bit,  just behind the screen, he can't get to me.  I know he's cheating it, right?  So he's trying to shortcut it.  So when he tries to shortcut it,  it's important that I hide right behind that screen there.  You simplify the game, simplify the game, catch and shoot.  But coming all the way out here at this angle  makes it very easy for the defense to close out to me.  But if I can drop my catch down  and catch it just behind the screen,  instead of catching it out here,  now that should be an open opportunity.  Should be an easy catch and shoot right there.  So to learn from some of the players  that came before me,  I'd probably look at Richard Hamilton  when he was with the Detroit Pistons  and how he used these screens a lot,  and how he moved without the ball  and how he got himself into these little pocket areas  off the screen to be able to catch and shoot.  Understanding how his defender's playing him,  to be able to curl off of an action  and get back door layups.  But simplifying the game by using the screen off the ball  to put myself in pockets to be able to catch and shoot.  If I could figure out how to do that with my game,  it'll take my game to another level.  It'll make us a better team, and the sky's the limit.  For more analysis, go to detail on ESPN Plus.


在这一集《Detail》中，如果我是杰森·塔图姆，我会思考如何提升自己的比赛。我已经很擅长低位单打，很擅长隔离进攻，也很擅长创造机会。但我还能提升的地方是接球就投的机会。我现在是弹出接球，对吧？我接到球后，倾向于直接持球进攻。我觉得我可以做得更好：在接球后更快地滑动，直接进入投篮状态。看这里，如果我移动得更快一些，滑进这个小口袋区域……移动，不要在这里接球。绕掩护切入，直接滑进这个口袋区域，就在 Banes 的正下方。这应该是一个很好的接球就投机会，对吧？因为你可以看到 Nance 站得比较靠后，他在防范突破。所以如果我能从这里滑出来，进入这个口袋区域……现在不能把球传到那里，因为我不想在那里接球。我想在这里，在这个口袋区域接球。我藏在 Banes 身后，这样我的防守人就没法轻易跟上我。他来防我的角度很差，这就给了我一瞬间的空间去投跳投。所以我绕过掩护，滑进这个口袋，这就应该是一记跳投。因为 Nance 并不是在防我接球就投，他是在防我突破，他在给我空间。我必须进入那个口袋，寻找跳投机会。不，这里应该是一个得分机会。我现在跑得太靠外了。这里直接就是跳投。要藏在掩护后面。如果我跑得太靠上，就会给防守人一个很好的追防角度。他可以直接合拢过来。与其站在这里，如果我稍微往后一点，就藏在掩护正后面，他就很难碰到我。我知道他在偷懒，想走捷径。所以当他试图抄近路时，我就要牢牢藏在掩护后面。简化比赛，简化比赛——接球就投。但如果我从这么靠外的角度接球，防守人就很容易合拢上来。但如果我把接球点压低，就在掩护正后方接球，而不是在这里接球，那应该就是一个空位机会。那就会是一个轻松的接球就投。要向以前的球员学习，我可能会去研究理查德·汉密尔顿在底特律活塞队时期的表现，看他是如何大量利用掩护，如何无球跑动，如何通过掩护进入这些小口袋区域来接球就投。理解他的防守人如何防守他，从而绕掩护切入或打出后门上篮。但核心就是通过无球掩护简化比赛，把自己置于口袋区域，获得接球就投的机会。如果我能把这个融入自己的比赛中，我的水平将会提升到一个新高度，也会让球队变得更强，那真的是前途无量。更多分析，敬请前往 ESPN+ 观看《Detail》。

